B
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Management
Discussion
and Analysis
About the Report
We are happy to present our 11th
Integrated Annual Report. This Report
includes financial and non-financial
performance of our IT business and
is aligned to principles of Integrated
Framework (updated January 2021),
now part of IFRS Foundation.
Reporting Framework
In addition, this Report is aligned to
the Integrated Reporting Framework
by the International Sustainability
Standards Board (ISSB), Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board (SASB),
ISO 14064, United Nations Global
Compact (UNGC), WEF Stakeholder
Capitalism metrics and Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Report
(BRSR) requirements of Securities
and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).
The Climate Risk and Environmental
Sustainability sections of this report
include the recommendations set out
by the Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the
IFRS S1/S2 standards.
Reporting Scope and
Boundary
The Report complies with financial
and statutory data requirements of the
Companies Act, 2013 (including the
Rules made thereunder), Accounting
Standards, the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 and the Secretarial Standards, as
may be applicable.
Navigate our Report
Strategic Priorities and Value Creation Mapping
Capitals Impacted
Stakeholders Impacted
Building Large Accounts in Profitable
Markets, Prioritized Sectors
F
I. H M S

Sourcing, Shaping and Winning Large Deals
F
I. H M S

Differentiating with Wipro Intelligence
F
I. H M S

Building Talent at Scale
F
I. H M S

Five Pillars of Client Centricity

Delivery innovation

Driving delivery excellence

Delivery-led growth

Demand fulfillment

Delivery operations
F
M. S N

Natural
Intellectual
Financial
Social and Relationship
Human
Manufactured
Capitals
Read more on page 54.
Stakeholder Groups
Read more on page 60.
Employees
Planet (and Human
Well-being)
Communities
Suppliers
Customers
Investors
N
F
H
S
Reporting Context
About the Report
Empowering enterprises to lead in an AI-first world
Corporate Overview
04. About Wipro
Consulting-led
AI-powered
Industry-focused
Client-centric
Purpose-driven
Year in Review
Awards and Recognitions
Analyst Recognitions
Board of Directors
AI-powered
Board s
Report
Leadership Insights and Outlook
Chairman s Letter
CEO s Letter
Management Discussion and Analysis
Sustainability at Wipro
54. Value Creation Model
Impact Valuation Report
Stakeholder Engagement
64. Materiality Assessment
68. ESG Strategy and Governance
Value Creation for Stakeholders
Investor Returns
Environmental Sustainability
84. Community Initiatives
94. Customer Stewardship
Supplier Synergies
106. People
Contents
Our Approach to Managing Risk
112. Risk Management
117. Climate and ESG Risks
121. Key Financial and Market Risks Report
Statutory Reports and Financial Statements
122. Board s Report
158. Corporate Governance Report
188. Standalone Financials under Ind AS
300. Consolidated Financials under Ind AS
416. Consolidated Financials under IFRS
514. Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Report 2025-26

Artificial intelligence has moved from aspiration to agenda. For enterprises
worldwide, IT is no longer a question of whether to adopt AI but how
to do so in ways that deliver real, responsible, and lasting value. FY26
marked this inflection, as organizations grappled with accelerating
change, rising expectations, and the need for outcomes that endure
beyond experimentation.
At Wipro, this moment reinforces a path we have been building toward,
one defined by clarity of intent and execution rigor. Our focus is anchored
in five enduring strengths that shape how we engage, build, and deliver
for clients. We remain consulting-led, starting with deep contextual
understanding before technology decisions are made. We are AI-powered,
embedding intelligence into the core of enterprise transformation. We are
industry-focused, bringing domain depth to the problems that matter most.
We are client-centric, aligning every engagement to measurable business
outcomes. And we are purpose-driven, ensuring progress, in business and
society, is responsible, inclusive, and sustainable.
These strengths come together through Wipro Intelligence , our
unified suite of AI-powered platforms and solutions, guided by a simple
but defining principle: proof over promise. In a landscape marked by
heightened expectations and rapid innovation, intent alone is insufficient.
What distinguishes leadership is the ability to translate ambition into
outcomes and to do so with rigor, governance, and responsibility.
For over 80 years, Wipro has reinvented itself across industries, technology
waves, and business models. That ability to navigate change is built on
deep problem-solving, unshakeable values, and the discipline to drive
strategy into execution, even as the scale and complexity of transformation
continue to rise.
As we reflect on FY26 and move into FY27, our conviction remains clear.
The enterprises that will succeed are those that leverage AI with purpose,
move decisively from strategy to scale, and deliver durable impact. Wipro
remains committed to enabling that end-to-end journey.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Empowering
enterprises to lead in an
AI-first world.
Consulting-led
AI-powered
Industry-focused
Client-centric
Purpose-driven

Be global and
responsible
Wipro Limited is a leading AI-powered technology services and consulting company
focused on building innovative solutions that address clients most complex digital
transformation needs. Leveraging our consulting-led approach and the Wipro
Intelligence unified suite of AI-powered platforms, solutions, and transformative
offerings, we help clients realize their boldest ambitions to build intelligent and
sustainable businesses.
The Wipro Innovation Network-part of the Wipro Intelligence suite-underpins our
commitment to client-centric co-innovation and co-creation by bringing together
capabilities from the innovation labs and partner labs, academia, and global tech
communities. With over 240,000 employees and business partners across 65
countries, we deliver on the promise of helping our customers, colleagues, and
communities thrive in an ever-changing world.
About Wipro
Spirit of Wipro
These values are our bedrock. They define and make us.
Our character and destinies are energized by our values.
Five Habits
When our behaviors and ways of working consistently
reflect our values, we see the Five Habits in action.
$10.5 bn
IT Services Revenue
(FY26)
240K+
Employees
Countries
66%
Economic interest vested
in philanthropy
SPOTLIGHT
Being Respectful
Being Responsive
Always Communicating
Demonstrating Stewardship
Building Trust
Treat each
person with
respect
Be passionate
about clients'
success
Our vision is to be a trusted partner to our clients, guiding their
transformation through a consulting-led, AI-powered approach
and empowering them to lead in their industries.
Our Five Strengths
Watch our Corporate Video
Consulting-led
AI-powered
Industry-focused
Client-centric
Purpose-driven
80 years
Of driving progress & purpose
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Unyielding
integrity in
everything
we do

In an AI-first world, transformation cannot begin with
technology alone. IT must begin with context: a clear
understanding of a client s business model, industry
dynamics, operating realities, and growth ambitions.
No two enterprises are the same. Their transformation
journeys should not be either. This is why Wipro leads
with consulting, bringing business judgment, industry
insight, and execution discipline to the forefront of every
engagement, ensuring technology is applied with intent
and relevance.
Being consulting-led, for Wipro, means starting at the true
point of enterprise change: defining the problem, clarifying
complexity, and aligning transformation to measurable
outcomes. IT means listening deeply, diagnosing precisely,
making clear calls, and staying engaged until change
is realized.
We start with deep contextual
understanding before technology
decisions are made.
This approach is anchored in deep industry expertise across
our priority sectors and industries-Banking, Financial Services
and Insurance; Consumer; Health; Energy; Manufacturing
and Resources; Technology and Communications-and
strengthened by functional depth across AI advisory and
technology strategy; supply chain and operations; finance
transformation; people and change; sales, marketing
and customer experience; and sustainability. IT reflects a
fundamental shift in client demand, from siloed services to
integrated transformation with clear, end-to-end accountability.
At its core are Wipro s four Global Business Lines (GBLs)-
Consulting, Technology Services, Engineering, and Business
Process Services-and two business units: our AI-Native
Business & Platforms Unit and Capco.
Strategic Market Units bring market proximity and client
relevance, while the Global Business Lines and business
units provide depth, specialization, and execution scale.
Consulting-led
Americas 1
Consulting
Technology Services
Engineering
Business Process Services
AI-Native Business & Platforms Unit
Capco
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Operating Model
Industry Sectors Organized by Regions
Horizontals Organized by Capabilities
The four Strategic Market Units (SMUs) are the
primary axis for our go-to-market.
The four Global Business Lines (GBLs) focus
on solutions, capabilities, and delivery.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Wipro Consulting
Wipro Consulting partners with clients to help them
imagine, design, and realize their future. We work
to deliver strategic and transformation services by
engaging deeply with the full C-suite, connecting
strategy to execution to drive measurable business
outcomes. Our end-to-end capabilities are designed
to address our clients most pressing priorities,
enable cross-functional transformation, and ensure
outcomes are aligned to enterprise objectives.
We help clients tackle their most complex
challenges by combining deep industry insight,
functional expertise, and the power of technology.
Our consulting-led, AI-powered approach leverages
Wipro s platforms and solutions to drive intelligent
transformation. Supported by a strong ecosystem
of technology partners, we help clients unlock
efficiency, build competitive advantage, and
navigate disruption with confidence.
Wipro Domain and Consulting
Domain and Consulting brings our deep industry focus
and product/platform expertise to provide end-to-end
business transformation acceleration-from insights to
results-and helps shape next-generation operating
models. We are a preferred transformation partner
of Forbes Global 2000 companies across industries.
Capco
Capco, one of Wipro s two business units, is a technology
and management consultancy specializing in driving
digital transformation initiatives by combining innovative
thinking with unrivaled industry knowledge to deliver
end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital
initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets,
wealth and asset management, insurance, and the
energy sector. IT offers a range of consulting services,
including strategy, risk, regulatory and compliance,
and change management.
Aggne
Aggne is a leading consulting and managed services
company serving the insurance and Insurtech industries.
Its unique capabilities significantly strengthen our value
proposition in a fast-growing part of the insurance sector.
We serve clients across BFSI; Consumer; Health;
EMR; and Technology and Communications bringing
deep functional expertise across Supply Chain and
Operations, Finance, People and Change, Sales,
Marketing and Customer Experience (CX), AI Advisory
and Technology Strategy, and Sustainability.
Industry Expertise
Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance
Strengthen risk and compliance, accelerate digital
banking and wealth innovation, and enhance customer
experience to build financial resilience.
Consumer
Elevate omnichannel experiences, drive pricing
intelligence, and optimize demand forecasting to
fuel growth and loyalty.
Health
Enable predictive healthcare, accelerate R&D, improve
operational efficiency, and advance patient centric models.
Energy, Manufacturing, and Resources
Modernize grids, advance Industry 4.0, optimize asset
performance, and enable sustainable operations across the
value chain.
Technology and Communications
Accelerate 5G adoption, modernize digital infrastructure, and
transform network operations-powered by AI for the next
era of connectivity.
Beyond industry expertise, our deep functional
capabilities help ensure transformation delivers lasting
impact to both the top and bottom line.
AI Advisory and Technology Strategy
Shape AI-first, future-ready technology roadmaps aligned to
business strategy.
Supply Chain and Operations
Build resilient, agile supply chains and intelligent
procurement capabilities end-to-end.
Finance Transformation
Increase transparency, strengthen performance analytics,
and enable sustainable profitability.
People and Change
Enable workforce adaptability, future skills, leadership
development, and culture transformation for a
future-ready organization.
Sales, Marketing, and Customer Experience
Redefine pricing, elevate customer engagement, and
accelerate revenue growth.
Sustainability
Embed ESG into core business strategy to drive long-term
resilience and stakeholder value.
Wipro has launched a Consulting-led, AI-powered
operating model bringing end-to-end accountability
across four functional areas:

People & Change

Supply Chain & Operations

Finance Transformation and Sales

Marketing & Customer Experience (CX)
Know more
SPOTLIGHT
Petrochemical Company
Achieved substantial operating margin
improvement over three years through
AI driven S&OP transformation
Global Telco Startup
Enabled a global satellite-powered connectivity
ecosystem through digital product strategy and
service design
U.S. Auto Finance Captive
Transformed loan originations with a modern
platform, improving automation, CX, and
speed to market
Telecommunications Company
Delivered significant reduction in O2C cost and
unlocked substantial annual working capital
through end-to-end digital transformation
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Technology Services
Our Technology Services GBL delivers
cutting-edge cloud-enabled and industry-specific
technology solutions to our clients. We offer
clients forward-looking, AI-powered solutions for
large-scale enterprise transformation by bringing
together intelligence insights, enterprise data
and applications platforms, digital operations,
cybersecurity, and design and experience services.
Industry Cloud & Digital (IC&D)
IC&D partners with organizations to integrate strategy,
design, and technology, providing digital transformation
services. IC&D offers a range of services, including
enterprise transformation, application modernization, quality
engineering, testing, and cloud-native platform services
using AI and industry expertise to assist clients throughout
their cloud journey. Together with our extensive partner
and hyperscaler ecosystem, we can simplify, orchestrate
and accelerate the cloud journey for our clients to help
them thrive.
Enterprise Applications (EA)
Our EA team guides enterprises on their journey towards
application modernization and experience transformation
by providing innovative AI, cloud solutions, and architecture
strategies, and executing these strategies through the
expertise of our enterprise partners, such as SAP, Oracle,
Salesforce, ServiceNow, and MS Dynamics.
This GBL strengthens the sales-to-delivery continuum
through an integrated service line go-to-market and
delivery model, enabling clients to harness the full
potential of technology and accelerate transformation
at scale. IT includes:
Cloud, Infrastructure, and Security Services (CISS)
Industry Cloud & Digital (IC&D)
Enterprise Applications (EA)
Data, Analytics, and Artificial Intelligence (DAAI)
Designit
Cloud, Infrastructure, and Security Services (CISS)
As a security-first digital transformation, Wipro CISS
brings together integrated Cloud, Infrastructure, Network,
Digital Workplace, and Cybersecurity capabilities, through
our consulting-led AI-powered approach powered by
Wipro Intelligence to deliver secure growth, resilience,
and superior experiences. We enable organizations to
design, build, and operate resilient, digital foundations
anchored in AI transformation, trust, and safety.
Organizations partner with us to deliver security-first,
AI-powered digital transformations at scale-that enable
resilient, future-ready enterprises.
Data, Analytics, and Artificial Intelligence (DAAI)
DAAI helps clients in their business transformation and
generates higher value by infusing data and AI across
the value chain. We work with clients to get their data
and process ready for the future by formulating the data
to decisions strategy and using business analytics and
data economics.
These benefits are accelerated by industry and persona-
centric ready-to-deploy solutions that are powered by
responsible AI.
Designit
Designit provides end-to-end experience transformation
solutions that better connect brands, organizations, and
businesses to their end users through a global team of
designers, strategists, marketers, and creatives.
We partner with clients across four key lenses of
experience-product, customer, employee, and marketing-
to design unified, human-centered solutions that drive
lasting impact.
SPOTLIGHT
U.S. Medicare Advantage Insurer
Reduction in prior authorization processing time
from days to minutes through Wipro s Agentic
AI powered solution.
Global Leader in Electrification and Automation
50%
Cost reduction through a cloud-based workplace
transformation for 105K+ employees
Energy Services Company
90%
Reduction in contract processing time, powered
by AI, leading to significant cost savings
Non-profit CSR Organization of a
Pharmaceutical Company
24.5%
Reduction in stroke-related hospitalizations
through an AI-powered cardio health simulator
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Wipro Engineering
Wipro Engineering aims to empower clients to
innovate at scale, build differentiated products and
platforms, and deliver value across the full product
and platform lifecycle through our consulting-
led and AI-powered engineering approach. Our
capabilities span foundational technologies shaping
global industries today, including AI, connectivity
and 5G, semiconductor and system engineering,
cloud platforms, and intelligent manufacturing.
Our engineering approach emphasizes measurable
outcomes and deployed solutions, combining
consulting-led problem definition with AI-powered
execution to deliver tangible results to clients.
This ecosystem spans a wide portfolio that includes
a strategic product design capability, a global
semiconductor and systems engineering organization,
and world-class testing and validation laboratories.
Our sector-focused consultants, engineers, and
product designers work collaboratively across multiple
stages of the product lifecycle - from strategy and
architecture through design, development, validation,
deployment, and lifecycle management.
Wipro Engineering operates through the
following practices:
VLSI and System Design
Designs and engineers custom silicon and hardware
systems for advanced computing and digitally connected
products. Capabilities include application-specific
integrated circuits, system-on-chip design, pre- and
post-silicon validation, embedded software, and
advanced interconnect technologies, supporting
semiconductor companies and product manufacturers
across automotive, industrial, communications, and
emerging technology segments.
Mobility Engineering & Product Testing
Enables development and validation of intelligent,
connected, and mobile products. This practice provides
embedded and platform software engineering, AI-driven
mobile solutions, and comprehensive product testing,
certification, and compliance services, supporting faster
time to market and regulatory readiness across devices
and platforms.
Connectivity
Enables innovations across wireless, 5G, and
enterprise connectivity ecosystems. This practice
delivers consulting-led engineering services for 5G
infrastructure, open radio access network integration,
network disaggregation, edge and Telco cloud platforms,
network automation, software integration, and device
and network certification and testing.
Cloud Products and Platforms
Enables customers to design, build, and modernize
cloud-native software products and platforms. Capabilities
include product and platform engineering, cloud
modernization, reliability and DevOps engineering,
data engineering, and security, supporting scalable,
multi-tenant, and high-performance SaaS and platform
solutions across hybrid and multi-cloud environments.
Industry 4.0
Enables digital transformation of industrial products
and operations through smart manufacturing solutions.
This practice focuses on industrial IoT, robotics and
physical automation, digital twins, predictive maintenance,
sustainability, and integrated operational platforms,
combining domain consulting with deep engineering
execution across discrete and process industries.
Automotive Engineering
Supports automotive manufacturers and suppliers in the
transition to next-generation mobility. This practice provides
consulting-led engineering services across software-defined
vehicles, electrification, connected vehicles, advanced
driver assistance systems, infotainment platforms, and
autonomous functions, leveraging AI-enabled platforms
and partner ecosystems to accelerate innovation and
product deployment.
Connected Services
During fiscal year 2026, Wipro expanded its digital ER&D
capabilities through the acquisition of DTS, now operating
as Connected Services within Wipro Engineering.
The acquisition deepens Wipro Engineering s AI-powered
engineering, digital transformation, and research and
development excellence, strengthening its ability to deliver
end-to-end engineering services that connect the physical
and digital worlds.
30,000
Engineers
6,000+
Products engineered
SPOTLIGHT
35+
Years of experience
Driving Engineering
Innovation Chip-to-Cloud
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Business Process
Services
Wipro s Business Process Services support global
organizations in operating, transforming, and
continuously improving core enterprise functions.
Business Process Services are delivered as part
of Wipro s consulting-led, AI-powered operating
model, which combines advisory capabilities,
AI-enabled solutions, and execution services
to provide end-to-end accountability across
enterprise functions.
Business Process Services leverage Wipro
Intelligence to embed AI systematically across
business processes. This approach supports
intelligent automation, predictive insights, and
continuous improvement aligned to defined
Customer Experience
Wipro s customer experience services support customer
engagement, service, sales, and marketing operations.
These services integrate front office operations with
AI-enabled capabilities to improve speed, accuracy, and
consistency across customer interactions, supporting
customer experience and loyalty across channels.
Supply Chain Management
Wipro supports procurement and supply chain operations
through supplier optimization, analytics, and operational
execution. These services focus on improving efficiency,
visibility, and cost management across end-to-end
procurement and supply chain processes.
Talent Processes
Wipro s human resources services support talent
acquisition, workforce management, employee
development, and people engagement. These offerings
enable clients to manage HR operations with agility,
compliance, and operational consistency across the
employee lifecycle.
Finance and Accounting
Wipro supports finance and accounting operations
through services covering financial planning, reporting,
risk management, and compliance. These offerings
leverage automation and data-driven insights to improve
financial transparency, operational efficiency, and
decision-making.
SPOTLIGHT
European Telecom Equipment Company
€231 mn
Working capital optimized through
AI-led automation transformation
U.S. Healthcare Payer
$40 mn
Annual cost reduction
70%
Efficiency improvement through AI-driven
provider data digitization
Leading U.S. Telecom Provider
$127 mn
Early revenue realization and 38% cycle time
reduction through process re-engineering
and automation
Consumer Health Company
1.5x
Faster processing and 70% touchless operations
through agentic AI-led invoice automation

Trust and Safety
Wipro s trust and safety services support
organizations in maintaining platform integrity and
managing digital risk.
Services include content moderation, compliance
review, policy advisory, fraud and payment risk
management, and investigations.
Industry Offerings
Wipro provides industry-specific process services
to sectors including banking and financial
services, insurance, healthcare, manufacturing,
consumer and media, energy, communications,
and technology. These offerings are tailored
to address industry-specific operational
requirements and regulatory considerations.
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Our Expertise
Banking and Payments
Capital Markets
Energy
Insurance
Wealth and Asset
Management
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
How the unit drives scale & impact:
1.
Strengthens Wipro s ability to deliver measurable
value and drive stronger business outcomes for
our clients.
2.
IT enables us to build and scale AI led platforms
faster than ever before, focusing on new growth
opportunities and unlocking new avenues
for innovation.
3.
By deepening our expertise across data, workflows,
decision engines, and infrastructure, we are poised
to lead in the era of intelligent transformation.
4.
Supported by forward deployed engineering teams,
the unit helps clients realize value rapidly turning
intelligence into impact at scale.
The AI-Native Business & Platforms Unit will Build
to create impact, Invest to lead, Partner to expand,
and Leverage to multiply.
1.
Build

Build and modernize Wipro s organic platform
portfolio and services offerings.

Develop Small Language Models (SLMs) for
vertical industries and horizontal platforms
across areas such as Security and Cloud.
2.
Invest

Inorganic plays, such as bolt-ons
to organic platforms, to enable a
services-as-software model.

Invest early through the Wipro
Ventures ecosystem.
3.
Partner

Startups (Wipro Ventures), Academia,
Research Organizations

Customer R&D labs and units, Co-innovation
with Technology partners
4.
Leverage Wipro Group's ecosystem advantage
Consulting is being redefined.
We don t just adapt to change-we shape IT.
This is The Expert Advantage.
Expert-led.
AI-infused.
Impact-focused.
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global management and technology
consultancy specializing in the financial services and energy industries.
For nearly three decades, clients have trusted Capco to lead complex,
end-to-end transformation in some of the world s most regulated and
scrutinized sectors.
Capco was built on a clear vision: to do something different by
combining deep industry expertise, strong consulting fundamentals,
real innovation and a relentless focus on client impact.
Expert-led.
We lead with industry depth and sharp judgment,
helping clients navigate the moments that matter most
with confidence.
AI-infused.
We embed process, technology, data and AI into how
we shape, build and deliver value. AI is not an add-on-IT
is a core part of how we work and how we help clients
move faster.
Impact-focused.
We relentlessly focus on measurable outcomes and
lasting value, delivering impact for our clients when the
stakes are highest.
AI-Native Business &
Platforms Unit
We have launched a dedicated AI-Native Business
& Platforms Unit in April 2026. This unit positions us
to build and scale AI-led platforms and incubate new
AI-led businesses, enabling Wipro to deliver tangible
value to clients and drive stronger business outcomes.
With this, Wipro is among the first to establish a
dedicated AI-Native unit.
1.
The Unit will build and scale AI-Native Businesses
& Platforms

Modernize & scale existing platforms.

Create new AI-Native businesses in
high-potential, high-confidence areas.
2.
Scale enterprise-grade agentic AI and strengthen
outcome-based value delivery for clients.
3.
Own product management, engineering, and
forward deployed engineering (FDE) capabilities
for AI-Native platforms.
4.
Enable greater non-linearity in revenue growth,
positioning Wipro for differentiated and
sustained growth.
The unit will prioritize near-term opportunities where
Wipro can leverage existing assets and deep domain
expertise to enable faster monetization and establish
market credibility:
1.
Industry platform areas: Banking & Capital
Markets (Mortgage), Healthcare (Medicare,
Medicaid), Aviation (Cargo management,
flight & crew operations), and Telecom
(network ops & assurance).
2.
An Agentic Operating System powered by WINGS
(Run & Operate) and WEGA (Build / Agentic SDLC),
Agentic Marketplaces, Agentic Commerce.
3.
Functional & process platforms e.g., Horizontal
platforms across shared services (Employee
experience), Responsible AI & Legal Tech.
Together, the four GBLs and two business units enable Wipro to operate as an integrated and trusted
enterprise transformation partner to our global clients, empowering them to lead in their industries.

We embed intelligence into the core
of enterprise transformation.
AI-powered
Our consulting-led approach begins with understanding
the client s challenges, constraints, choices, and
priorities. From there, transformation is shaped with
intent and clarity on where value will be created.
AI becomes most effective in that setting. Not as
a starting point, but as a force that strengthens
enterprise transformation.
Across industries, AI has increasingly become central
to how enterprises operate. IT is changing how
decisions are taken, how processes are run, and how
value is delivered. Yet the outcomes remain uneven.
Most organizations have moved beyond pilots. Far
fewer have embedded AI in a way that consistently
improves performance.
The gap is not in access to AI. IT is in applying IT with
clarity, integrating IT into existing systems and processes,
and scaling IT with the right controls. Many initiatives
remain fragmented. Value is often uneven.
Governance, data readiness, and workforce alignment
continue to lag behind ambition. This is where our
approach is deliberate. We ground AI in the realities
of business execution. We focus on where IT delivers
measurable outcomes.
At Wipro, that discipline is captured in a simple principle:
proof over promise.
Wipro s journey in AI reflects the way the market
itself has evolved. We began with Wipro HOLMES
in 2015, at a time when enterprises were exploring
how AI, machine learning, and automation could
improve efficiency and decision-making. As adoption
expanded, we introduced Wipro ai360 in 2023,
bringing together our capabilities and partner
ecosystem to embed AI more broadly across the
enterprise. Today, the market has moved further.
The focus is no longer on embedding AI but on
scaling IT with clarity-aligning IT to business priorities,
integrating IT into core systems and processes, and
governing IT with discipline.
Launched in October 2025, Wipro Intelligence is
built for the AI era.
IT brings together our AI capabilities into a
unified suite focused on delivering measurable
Wipro Intelligence is our unified suite of AI-powered platforms, solutions, and transformative
offerings, designed to help enterprises scale with confidence and lead in an AI-first world.
AI platforms provide the underlying foundation. They are designed to embed intelligence, reshape how
work is executed, and reimagine operating models to be both human-centric and AI-powered.
AI solutions, powered by Wipro Intelligence , address highly specific industry challenges and are tailored to
each client s unique requirements.
These include industry platforms built around specific sectors including mortgage, aviation, and
healthcare-bringing domain depth to address industry-specific challenges.
Mortgage
(NetOxygen)
Aviation
(TOPS,
CROAMIS)
Healthcare
(ACA, Medicare,
Medicaid)
AI platforms
AI solutions
Alongside these are our delivery platforms:
WINGS
AI-powered delivery platform
for operations.
WEGA
AI-powered delivery platform to
build solutions at scale.
Industry solutions address sector-specific priorities across financial services, healthcare, energy,
manufacturing, and communications.
Banking, Financial Services & Insurance: WealthAI
Health: PayerAI, Life Sciences Services
Energy, Manufacturing & Resources: AutoCortex, Industrial AssetsAI, Energy UpstreamAI
Tech & Communications: Telco Autonomous Network Operations, Telco Enterprise AI, Turnkey ASIC
Cross-industry solutions support enterprise-wide needs such as modernization, security, and operating
model transformation.
Modernize AI
Secure AI: Cybershield , CyberTransform
Fusion GCC
Functional solutions apply AI within core business functions, including finance, human resources, legal,
and compliance.
Legal & Compliance AI: Review & Risk
Human Resources AI: WiNow
Finance AI: ForecastAI
AI platforms
AI solutions
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW

The Wipro Innovation Network, part of the Wipro Intelligence suite, is our global
ecosystem of labs, partners, startups, academia, and deep tech talent to identify,
incubate and co create.
With a strategic focus on five frontier technology themes, i.e. Fully autonomous agentic
AI, Distributed ledger technology, Embodied AI, Quantum computing and Space tech,
this collaborative network accelerates client-centric innovation to unlock business value
and drive sustainable growth.
Immersive, collaborative spaces designed to enable client-centric co-innovation to solve
real-world business challenges using frontier technologies. These state-of-the-art labs
provide hands-on, experience-led engagement through structured, immersive workshops.
Clients engage with our experts to explore cutting-edge industry solutions and identify and
co-create high-impact, high-priority use cases.
Innovation Labs
To Know more: wipro.com/innovation
AI Ecosystem
A state-of-the-art joint innovation and customer experience ecosystem co-invested by Wipro
and its strategic partners across hyperscalers, AI-native partners, infrastructure, enterprise
applications, data, and engineering. The initiative marks a pivotal shift in Wipro's ecosystems
and partnerships strategy - moving decisively toward consulting-led, AI-powered collaboration
that brings together partners' technology strengths with Wipro's market reach and domain
expertise to build and scale world-class industry and cross-industry solutions.
Partner Labs
For the full list of partners and for more information: wipro.com/partner-ecosystem
Partner Labs Ecosystem
..and more.
Deep-tier integrations
with Google Cloud via
Gemini Enterprise models
and targeted Gemini
Experience Zones.
Established an NVIDIA-
powered AI-DC (Artificial
Intelligence Data Center)
solution for high-density,
enterprise-scale
AI processing.
Global collaborative
agreement with Harness
for an AI-Native Software
Delivery Platform.
Launched an Applied
AI Center of Excellence
(CoE) for Claude models,
powered by Anthropic,
to accelerate enterprise
AI impact.
Wipro has been
recognized as an
organization that is
redesigning work around
human-agent teams
through large-scale
deployment and
leverage of Microsoft
Copilot Studio.
Global collaborative
agreement with Factory.
AI for agent-native
development, with an aim
to move engineering teams
from experimental setups
to production-scale AI with
Autonomous Software
Engineering Agents.
Expanded strategic alliance
with ServiceNow to embed
autonomous agentic AI
workflows across key
business functions, with
integration frameworks
and operational footprints
spanning IT services,
HR, procurement, and
cybersecurity operations.
Strengthened collaboration
with OpenAI to accelerate
AI-led transformation
and deliver scalable
AI solutions for
financial services and
energy sectors.
As of May 2026, our
labs cover 10 locations
across key global
markets including the
United States, the United
Kingdom, Australia, the
United Arab Emirates
(UAE), South Korea,
and India.
Our AI ecosystem continues to grow including partnership with:
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW

The corporate investment arm of Wipro that invests in early-to-mid-stage enterprise software startups
that are aligned to Wipro s strategic priorities and at the forefront of technological innovation, allowing
us to deliver differentiated value to clients. These investments are focused on GenAI/AI, Cybersecurity
and Data Security, App Modernization, Data Analytics, DevOps and Test Automation, and Vertical
SaaS. Wipro Ventures bolsters the Wipro Innovation Network with a portfolio of dynamic startups that
help deliver value to our clients through co-innovation.
Topcoder is an open innovation and talent platform
with a global community of over two million developers
and technologists worldwide, accelerating innovation
through crowdsourced exponential engineers to
build digital solutions - improving time to market,
ensuring quality, and driving scale and efficiency.
From ideation through the entire development
lifecycle, Topcoder s deep technical expertise and
outcome-based crowdsourcing model enable clients
to access specialized global talent across AI, data
science, software development, UX design, and quality
assurance. Through Topcoder, we leverage the wisdom
of the crowd to rapidly solve complex problems,
validate ideas, and deliver differentiated solutions.
Academia and Research
$500 mn
Funds to invest through
Wipro Ventures
40+
Total investments
25+
Companies in active portfolio
750+
Startup solutions
280+
Global clients in 10 years
Successful portfolio exits
IISc
IIT Delhi
MIT
Deep Tech Talent
Our deep tech talent applies frontier technologies to
solve complex challenges and unlock next-generation
opportunities for clients and partners. This includes
Distinguished Members of Technical Staff (DMTS)-
Wipro s flagship community of top technology
talent driving deep tech innovation and enterprise
transformation. The Wipro Innovation Network
continues to invest in building Exponential Engineers
to leverage AI for accelerating software development
cycles and enabling faster, scalable innovation.
We deepen our innovation ecosystem through
research collaborations with leading global universities
and research institutions to accelerate frontier
technology innovation. Wipro currently collaborates
with institutions such as the Indian Institute of
Science (IISc) in Bengaluru, Massachusetts Institute of
Technology (MIT) in Boston, and the Indian Institute
of Technology (IIT) in Delhi, advancing joint research
and co-creating high-impact solutions for enterprise-
ready outcomes.
Investments in AI
Investments in Cybersecurity
For the full list and to know more visit: wipro.com/ventures
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW

Technology on its own does not solve for regulatory
complexity, margin pressure, operating risk, supply chain
volatility, or changing customer expectations. Those
issues play out differently in every sector. A bank, a
healthcare enterprise, and a manufacturer may all invest
in modernization, but the business questions are not the
same. The answer cannot be the same either. That is why
Wipro is industry-focused by design.
We concentrate on five sectors where we have depth,
relevance, and the ability to lead at scale: Banking,
Financial Services and Insurance; Consumer; Health;
Energy, Manufacturing and Resources; and Technology
and Communications.
This focused approach empowers us to build stronger
positions across clientele, expand at a greater scale, and
direct investment to areas where capability and demand
are most aligned. IT also strengthens how we originate
work, moving our role upstream from execution alone
to shaping larger transformation agendas with clients
and partners.
Our consulting-led approach ensures that transformation
begins with the right business problem, framed in the
context of the industry.
Our AI-powered capabilities ensure solutions can be
applied at scale, with speed and discipline. Together,
they allow us to deliver outcomes that are grounded in
how each industry actually operates.
This is how we build relevance over time, not by applying
a common model across industries, but by understanding
where each industry is changing, what that change
demands, and how to execute with clarity. IT reflects
how we choose to grow, where we choose to invest,
and how we create differentiated value for clients across
industries that shape the world.
Industry-focused
Presence across Sectors
We bring domain depth to the
problems that matter most.
Key Industries

Banking and Financial Services

Securities and Capital Markets

Insurance
Key Industries

Retail and Consumer Products &
Goods (CPG)

Professional Services

Travel, Transportation
and Hospitality

Media and Entertainment
Key Industries

Healthcare (Payers, Providers,
Health Tech)

Lifesciences (Pharma, BioTech)

Medical Devices
Key Industries

Energy and Utilities

Manufacturing (Automotive,
Industrial, Process)

Natural Resources

Engineering, Construction
and Operations
Key Industries

Semiconductor and Computing;
Storage and Peripherals

Software Products and
Consumer Electronics

Network and Edge Providers

Communication Service Providers
300+
Customers
Including
8 of the Top 10
190+
Customers
Including
250+
Customers
Including
270+
Customers
Including
Note: Top 10 is as per Forbes G2000 list for the respective sectors based on core markets we operate in.
Banking, Financial Services and
Insurance (BFSI)
Consumer
Health
Energy, Manufacturing and
Resources (EMR)
Technology and Communications
Banking, Financial Services
and Insurance (BFSI)
Energy, Manufacturing
and Resources (EMR)
Technology and
Communications
Consumer
Health
150+
Customers
Including
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW

CORPORATE OVERVIEW
We align every engagement to
measurable business outcomes.
Client-centric
Wipro's operating model is built around the client.
Our operating model runs through four Strategic
Market Units-Americas 1, Americas 2, Europe, and
APMEA-each responsible for client relationships, sector
relevance, and growth within their markets.
This is the primary axis of how we operate.
Consulting
Technology Services
Engineering
Business Process Services
The AI-Native Business & Platforms Unit, and
Capco are all organized to serve the clients
through this structure.
The depth of our client relationships reflects how
this works in practice. Across our priority sectors, we
serve many of the world's largest enterprises with
engagements that have expanded over years, across
functions, geographies, and business lines. That
expansion is earned through disciplined execution.
We start with the client's business reality. We stay
through delivery. We measure ourselves by what
changes in the client s business.
Read our client success stories on page 27
Client Stories
Wipro Enters Into a
Deal with TruStage to
Transform its Retirement
Services Business
Retirement planning is crucial to the middle market
consumers we serve. Many individuals and families
in the middle market face unique challenges when
IT comes to preparing for their financial futures, and
IT s our mission to ensure everyone has access to
the tools and services they need to achieve long-
term financial security. Our work with Wipro marks
a significant step forward in that mission, as we
modernize our retirement business, streamline our
operations, and enhance the customer experience
for those who have traditionally been underserved
by the industry.
Chris Copeland
Chief Business Officer, TruStage
Wipro entered a multi-year contract for business and
technology modernization for TruStage s retirement
services business. As part of this engagement,
Wipro will transform TruStage s core retirement
services operations and technology stack through
an integrated approach that delivers seamless
digital experiences, business agility, and increased
efficiencies. Led by Wipro s Consulting team, Wipro
will build a long-term strategic innovation roadmap
to enable a future-forward retirement services
business. Leveraging Wipro Intelligence and deep
domain expertise, Wipro will deliver an integrated
transformation program and establish a global
operating model to manage TruStage s broader
vendor ecosystem.
Faber Group, a leading Europe-based family-
owned business in circular load-carrier solutions
and services, selected Wipro as its strategic
partner for a multi-year IT outsourcing and digital
transformation program aimed at reimagining its
operations and technology landscape. Drawing on
Wipro s consulting-led expertise in operating model
design, process standardization, and technology
modernization, the engagement is enabling a
structured transition to a unified, future-ready digital
core. Through the integration of operations, data
modernization, and end-to-end IT outsourcing, the
program will enhance business agility, improve
decision intelligence, and drive sustainable and
efficient operations.
Wipro Partners with Faber
Group to Drive
AI-led Transformation and
Build Unified Digital Core
Our partnership with Wipro is an important step
in Faber s journey to become a more sustainable,
agile, and digitally enabled organization. Wipro s
consulting-led expertise in data and AI and
integrated IT services is helping us modernize
operations, build a unified digital core, and
strengthen efficiency, decision-making, and
long-term growth.
Ingrid Faber
CEO, Faber Group
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
Wipro has signed a multi-year strategic
engagement with FullBeauty Brands (FBB),
a U.S.-based specialty fashion retailer, to
support the modernization of key business
and IT operations and help drive operational
efficiencies. As a strategic technology and
operations partner, Wipro will leverage its
capabilities, including Wipro Intelligence , its
suite of AI-enabled platforms and solutions,
where appropriate, to support FBB's
applications, infrastructure, cybersecurity,
and selected business processes. The
engagement is focused on enhancing
operational effectiveness, improving
service delivery, and supporting a seamless
experience for customers and employees
across channels.
Wipro to Drive AI-led
Transformation for
FullBeauty Brands
Wipro was selected by Odido Netherlands to lead a
multi-year, AI-enabled modernization of its digital and
enterprise IT landscape. The engagement focuses on
simplifying and automating IT operations, improving
service reliability, and elevating customer experience
across Odido s consumer and enterprise businesses.
Powered by Wipro Intelligence platforms, including
WEGA and WINGS, and supported by a design-led
delivery model, the transformation will enable Odido
to accelerate time to market, improve productivity,
and continuously reinvest efficiency gains into new
digital initiatives, building a scalable, future-ready
IT ecosystem.
Wipro Powers
Odido s AI-enabled IT
Modernization to Enhance
Customer Experience and
Operational Efficiency
The engagement with Wipro is a key step
in our transformation journey and will lay
the foundation for a more agile, AI-infused
enterprise. Wipro s AI-led approach and
deep domain expertise will help us drive
operational agility, accelerate innovation,
and unlock new growth opportunities.
Nicole Dombrowski
SVP & Chief Human Resources Officer,
FullBeauty Brands
At Odido, our goal is to make technology
more human. Everything we do is driven by a
human-centric approach. This applies not only to our
network services and product innovations, but also
to our processes, operations, and IT infrastructure.
Our collaboration with Wipro supports this
ambition and enables us to take the customer
experience to the next level.
Robert Purdy
Chief IT Officer, Odido Netherlands
Wipro Collaborates with
PGP Glass to Strengthen
Manufacturing Operations
Through Digital
Transformation
Wipro was chosen by PGP Glass to transform its IT
landscape and support uninterrupted production
across geographies. By implementing an integrated
approach spanning infrastructure, cloud, and
application services, Wipro enabled near 100%
production uptime while optimizing costs and
improving operational efficiency. The engagement
helped stabilize critical systems, enhance governance
through real-time monitoring, and establish a
scalable, future-ready IT backbone. This collaboration
strengthened operational resilience and positioned
PGP Glass for sustained scalable growth.
Wipro has been instrumental in strengthening our
global IT operations, enabling stability, efficiency,
and cost control through structured delivery and
technical expertise. We value their consistent, clear
approach to IT operations and look forward to
building on this momentum."
Ravindra Pratapsingh Rawat
Global Head - IT Infra & Cybersecurity, PGP Glass
ABB Group, a global leader in electrification and
automation, has signed a multi-year renewal to
modernize its digital workplace and accelerate its shift
to an AI-led service model. Wipro will deliver Agentic
AI-powered workplace services across service desk,
employee services, and supply chain operations. The
program will introduce an AI-first, self-resolving service
desk featuring smart causal analysis, multilingual voice
and chat translation, and forecasting for proactive
device management. These capabilities will streamline
and elevate user experience. They will also drive
measurable productivity improvements and support
the client s sustainability goals through efficient and
responsible device management.
ABB Signs Multi-year
Deal with Wipro for
Agentic AI-powered
Workplace Services
ABB continues to simplify and modernize its IT
landscape to support its business and sustainability
objectives. Wipro s deep domain expertise, global
delivery footprint, and focus on innovation make
them a key partner in enabling a consistent and
high-quality digital workplace experience for our
employees worldwide.
Alec Jounnau
CIO, ABB
As ABB operates globally with a highly diverse
workforce, the reliability, security, and user
experience of our digital workplace are critical.
Wipro s ability to deliver standardized services
while remaining responsive to local needs will help
us drive higher productivity, improve employee
satisfaction, and support our long-term digital
and sustainability ambitions.
Ana Jauregui
Head of Consumer Experience, ABB

* Women employee % includes
employees of Harman DTS
acquisition closed, effective
1. December, 2025
CC: Constant Currency
Growth
Decline
Registered trademarks
2,537
Persons with Disabilities
(based on voluntary
self-declaration)
600+
Wipro Cares
volunteering activities
42,000+
Employees made
monetary contributions
180+
Partners engaged in
community initiatives
186,653 tCO2e
Total GHG emissions
80.64
Energy Performance
Index (kWh units per
sqm per annum)
92%
Reduction in Scope 1
and Scope 2 emissions
(from FY17 baseline)
0.78
Tons CO2e emitted
per person
L11
Dividend Per Share
87.8%
Payout as a % of
Net Income for 3-year
block ending FY26
242,156
Total employees
37.6%
Women employees*
Nationalities in the
workforce
AAA
Rating by ICRA
L4,499 mn
R&D expenses
L2,274 mn
CSR spend
1,233
Active customers
1,907
Patents granted to date
$10.5 bn
IT Services Revenue

(-)1.6% YoY CC
17.2%
IT Services
Operating Margin

0.2% YoY
L132.0 bn
Net income

0.5% YoY
112.6%
Operating Cash Flow by
Net Income
$7.8 bn
Large deal TCV

45.4% YoY CC
$16.4 bn
Total bookings TCV

14.0% YoY CC
L12.6
Earnings Per Share

0.3% YoY
L187.64
Per Share Price

(-)28.5% YoY

Year in Review
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
We ensure that progress in business and society
is responsible, inclusive, and sustainable.
Purpose-driven
Wipro was founded on a belief that business and
society advance together. For over eighty years,
this belief has guided how we operate, shaping
our role as a global consulting-led and AI-powered
technology partner.
This is what purpose means at Wipro. Business
performance and societal responsibility reinforce
each other. How we build and govern technology,
nurture people, work with communities, and
manage our footprint are all expressions of the
same commitment.
operations, the standards around its use become
inseparable from the value IT creates. Governance, ethics,
integrity, transparency, and accountability are built into how
we deliver through Wipro Intelligence . Progress in business
must be progress that can be trusted.
IT applies equally to our people. Our culture, rooted in the
Spirit of Wipro and the Five Habits, holds integrity and ethics
to the highest standard. Continuous investment in skills,
inclusion, and leadership development ensures that as the
enterprise grows, its people grow with IT.
And IT extends to how we manage our operations. 94% of
our energy comes from renewable sources. We treat all our
wastewater, and treated and reused wastewater forms 34%
of our total water consumption across owned facilities. 98%
of waste is recycled. Progress in business must be progress
the environment can sustain.
66%
of our economic interest is pledged towards
philanthropy through the Azim Premji Foundation.
In addition, Wipro Foundation, Wipro s Corporate
Social Responsibility arm, works with partners across
India through long-term engagements in education,
ecology, healthcare, disaster response, community
development, and urban systems.
Through Wipro Cares, the employee engagement
platform of Wipro Foundation, and initiatives
such as the Spirit of Wipro Run, our employees
engage with communities across more than
twenty countries, contributing time and effort while
strengthening a culture of responsible citizenship and
social engagement.
This commitment to responsibility and accountability
extends to how we build and deploy technology.
As AI becomes more embedded in enterprise
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26

CORPORATE OVERVIEW
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Awards and Recognitions
Analyst Recognitions
Wipro won ASQ (American
Society for Quality) award
for Innovation Excellence
EcoVadis Silver Medal
for sustainability performance
(top 15% globally)
Won Gold award in
The Stevie Awards
for Great Employers 2025 in the
Diversity & Inclusion category
Recognized as a Top
Global Employer
with Silver Status in the Stonewall
Global Workplace Equality Index 2025
Ranked 1st in Sustainability among
India headquartered firms, in
TIME s 2025 list of World s Most
Sustainable Companies
Placed in the Next Leader
Category in the Indian Corporate
Governance assessment by IiAS
Corporate Equality Index (CEI)
Recognized as one of the Best
Places to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality
since 2020
Recognized as a Gold Employee
India Workplace Equality Index
(IWEI) from 2021-2025
Founder Chairman,
Mr. Azim H. Premji,
named to the 2025 TIME100
Philanthropy list, honoring the
world's 100 most influential leaders
shaping the future of giving
Wipro ranked among
the top 10 Global AI Consulting firms
by AI Magazine in 2025
Recognized as Top 10 Best
Companies for Women in India
by Avtar & Seramount in the Best
Companies for Women in India
(BCWI) study
DI-verse Disability Inclusion
Certification (AIF) 2025
Recognized at Rashtrapati Bhavan
for leadership in workplace
accessibility and inclusion
Horizon 3 - Market Leader in the HFS
Horizons
Agentic Services, 2026 report
Energy and Utilities Service Providers, 2025
Life Sciences Service Providers, 2025 report
Next-gen IT Infrastructure Services,
2026 report
Wipro mentioned as
A Leader in the 2025 Gartner *
Magic Quadrant for
Outsourced Digital Workplace Services1
Service Integration and
Management Services2
Data Center Outsourcing Services3
Finance and Accounting Business
Process Outsourcing4
Public Cloud IT Transformation Services5
Leader in ISG Provider Lens
Supply Chain Services 2025, Global
Healthcare Digital Services 2025, US
Digital Sustainability 2025, Global
Oil & Gas Industry Services and Solutions
2025, North America (all quadrants)
Leader in Avasant s
Digital Talent Capability 2025
RadarView
Banking Digital Services 2025
RadarView
Telecom Digital Services 2025
RadarView
Leader in Everest Group s in
Software Product Engineering Services
PEAK Matrix Assessment 2026, Global
Everest Group s Global Capability Center
Transformation Capabilities in India -
PEAK Matrix Assessment 2025
Wipro was recognized as a
Leader in IDC MarketScape
Worldwide Managed SASE Services
2025. Vendor Assessment
(Doc# US53011425, Oct 2025)
Worldwide Manufacturing Intelligence
Transformation Strategic Consulting
2025. Vendor Assessment
(Doc# US52988325, Nov 2025)
1 Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services , Karl Rosander, et al, 10 November 2025.
2 Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Data Center Outsourcing Services , Biswajit Maity, et al, 3 November 2025.
3 Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Service Integration and Management Services , Andrea Lanzavecchia, et al, 29 October 2025.
4 Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Finance and Accounting Business Process Outsourcing , Jan Ambergen, et al, 14 April 2025.
5 Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Public Cloud IT Transformation Services , Tobi Bet, et al, 4 August 2025.
*Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Finance and Accounting Business Process Outsourcing , Jan Ambergen, et al, 14 April 2025. *Gartner, Magic
Quadrant for Public Cloud IT Transformation Services , Tobi Bet, et al, 4 August 2025. *Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Service Integration and
Management Services , Andrea Lanzavecchia, et al, 29 October 2025. *Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Data Center Outsourcing Services ,
Biswajit Maity, et al, 3 November 2025. *Gartner, Magic Quadrant for Outsourced Digital Workplace Services , Karl Rosander, et al, 10
November 2025.
GARTNER and MAGIC QUADRANT are trademarks of Gartner, Inc. and its affiliates. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product, or
service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or
other designation. Gartner's research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner s research organization and should not be construed
as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
The Gartner content described herein (the Gartner Content ) represents research opinion or viewpoints published, as part of a syndicated
subscription service, by Gartner, Inc. ("Gartner"), and is not a representation of fact. Gartner Content speaks as of its original publication
date (and not as of the date of this press release, and the opinions expressed in the Gartner Content are subject to change without notice.

By
Shareholders
By Board
of Directors
By Committees of
Board of Directors
By Management
Process
Audit, Risk and
Compliance Committee,
which also acts as Risk
Management Committee
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee,
which also acts as
CSR Committee
Administrative,
Shareholders /Investors
Grievance Committee
(Stakeholders
Relationship Committee)
Risk Management
Spirit of Wipro
Code of Business
Conduct
Compliance
Framework
The Ombuds
Process

Governance
8. Deepak M. Satwalekar
Lead Independent Director
5. Laura Miller
Independent Director
7. N. S. Kannan
Independent Director
3. Azim H. Premji
Founder Chairman
2. Tulsi Naidu
Independent Director
1. Päivi Rekonen
Independent Director
6. Rishad A. Premji
Executive Chairman
4. Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer
& Managing Director
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
Board of Directors
Board Demographics*
22% Female
78% Male
56% Foreign Nationals
44% Indian
22% 35-55 years
56% 56-70 years
22% > 70 years
Board Age Profile
Board Gender Diversity
Board Nationality
Governance Framework
Wipro s Corporate Governance philosophy is put into practice through four
functional layers.
Board Composition
One
Non-Executive,
Non-Independent Director
Two
Executive Directors
Six
Independent Directors
Administrative and Shareholders/Investors Grievance
Committee (Stakeholders Relationship Committee)
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
(also acts as CSR Committee)
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
Chairman
Member
Ms. Laura Miller was appointed as an Independent Director
with effect from April 1, 2026.
Dr. Patrick J. Ennis and Mr. Patrick Dupuis ceased to
be Independent Directors upon the completion of their
tenure, effective March 31, 2026.
*The metrics are based on Board members till March 31, 2026.
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26

LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS AND OUTLOOK
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Chairman s Letter
Dear Stakeholders,
This year, Wipro turns 80.
Few companies remain relevant across
multiple eras of technological change.
Wipro s journey-from a company founded
in 1945 to a global technology business
serving clients across industries and
continents-has been defined by one
enduring ability: to evolve with the world
around IT.
I feel fortunate to be part of this journey
and grateful for the trust and support you
have placed in us.
The Year in Review
The industry remained cautious
throughout the year. Clients prioritized
efficiency, consolidation, and cost
optimization as conversations shifted
toward AI and modernization. In this
environment, we maintained discipline.
Revenue declined 1.6% in constant
currency to $10.5 billion. IT Services
operating margin improved 0.2% YoY
to 17.2%. Adjusted for labor code
changes, net income increased 2.2%
to $1.43 billion, and earnings per share
rose 2.1% to ₹12.8 ($0.14). For FY26,
we declared dividend of ₹11/share and
with this, our payout ratio was 87.8%
over the block of trailing three years.
In addition, in April, the Board approved
a ₹150 billion share buyback-our largest
ever-reflecting our commitment to
returning substantial operating cash flows
to shareholders.
We continued to invest in AI capabilities,
platforms, and talent to shape the next
phase, while maintaining focus on margins
and cash generation.
A. Broader Shift
There is considerable debate about what
AI means for technology services. Much
of IT frames AI as a threat to traditional
delivery models dependent on human
effort and linear scaling. We see the
shift differently.
AI is not simply redistributing enterprise
technology spend; IT is expanding IT.
Enterprises are investing heavily in data,
cloud, cybersecurity, governance, and
modernization, while new categories of
demand are emerging, from AI advisory
and model engineering to AI safety and
agentic systems.
Enterprise environments, however,
remain complex and fragmented. Scaling
AI will therefore be a journey, requiring
reimagined processes, continuous
refinement, and change management
at scale - reinforcing the need for trusted partners and
a phased path to adoption.
The economics of delivery are also evolving. Growth in
technology services has historically tracked workforce
expansion. AI is shifting that model toward platform-driven
scaling, intelligent automation, and systems that compress
timelines-with new commercial models emerging.
We see this in client engagements. For a large US bank, we
deployed generative AI to modernize legacy applications,
reducing migration effort and accelerating prototyping.
At a global healthcare company, our AI agents processed
large invoice volumes, achieved high levels of touchless
processing, and improved turnaround times through a gain
share model.
At the start of FY27, we established a dedicated
AI Native Business and Platforms unit to
accelerate enterprise-grade agentic AI solutions.
The unit pairs product management and platform
engineering with forward-deployed teams that work
directly in client environments. We pursue this through
a build-invest-partner approach.
How We Are Positioning
Our approach is consulting-led and AI-powered, shaped
around each client s context - bringing together domain
expertise, engineering, data, and AI, anchored in Wipro
Intelligence .
We start by helping clients run their technology
environments differently - embedding AI into operations
across infrastructure, applications, cybersecurity, and
business processes, enabled through WINGS, our AI-first
operations platform. At the same time, we help clients build
differently, using our WEGA platform to accelerate both
software and AI engineering.
Beyond this, we partner with clients to reimagine how their
businesses operate - redesigning processes and building
new AI-native models that unlock new sources of value.
This allows us to support clients across the full lifecycle
- from modernizing technology foundations to deploying
enterprise-scale AI systems and transforming operations
at scale.
As part of this shift, we are investing in industry and
cross-industry platforms, including NetOxygen and our
Medicare and Medicaid platforms, while continuing to
scale solutions and new AI services.
Investing in People
Technology transitions are shaped by people. The ability to
build talent at scale and adapt operating models remains a
key differentiator. Our more than 240,000 employees average
around 80 hours of learning annually. We have trained
our workforce on foundational AI capabilities, and 76% of
employees have completed advanced AI training through more
than 90 role-based pathways aligned to Wipro Intelligence .
AI will augment many roles and reshape others. IT will
also create new categories of work across engineering,
governance, operations, and design. We are investing in
AI architects, prompt engineers, AI safety specialists, and
forward-deployed engineers.
Through partnerships with 73 universities globally, we
build an AI-ready pipeline. We have committed to imparting
digital and AI skills to one million students by 2030. Since
2017, more than 360,000 individuals have participated in
these programs.
Acting with Responsibility
As technology becomes embedded in business and society,
trust becomes more important. We build responsible AI into
our systems from the outset - ensuring that innovation is
matched by accountability, transparency, and governance.
The same discipline shapes our approach to sustainability.
Renewable energy now accounts for 94% of our operations,
putting us on track to reach 100% by 2030. We reduced
absolute freshwater consumption by 4.6%, despite higher
return-to-office levels, and recycled 98% of waste. Nearly
31,000 employees contributed more than 35,000 hours of
volunteering through our Be the Change platform. Since
FY21, our community initiatives have reached nearly six
million people across 20+ countries.
Looking Ahead
As Wipro enters its ninth decade, the world is changing
rapidly once again. We have remained relevant by adapting
early while staying anchored in a consistent set of values.
The opportunities ahead are real, and the investments we
are making position us well. The people of Wipro remain our
greatest source of confidence.
To our shareholders, clients, partners, and employees: thank
you for your continued trust and support.
Rishad Premji
Chairman

LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS AND OUTLOOK
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
CEO s Letter
technology for retail banking; driving internal automation by
deploying Gemini to 15,000 users and integrating IT into systems
like SAP, ServiceNow, and Salesforce.
Performance Reflects Transition
Despite a tough macro environment, our investments focus on
building for the future.
Our IT services revenue was $10.5 billion, a 1.6% decline in
constant currency. Our total bookings grew 14% to $16.4
billion, and large-deal bookings grew 45.4% YoY to $7.8 billion,
including four deals with TCV over $500 million. Overall, we
secured 64 large deals, demonstrating strong client confidence.
In a competitive market, we also retained and expanded key
strategic engagements, including major accounts through
vendor consolidation.
We also expanded our operating margin to 17.2%, driven by
operational discipline, while we executed focused strategic bets.
We continued to invest in our future, strengthening the Wipro
Innovation Network with 10 innovation labs globally, advancing
our AI and consulting capabilities, and building differentiated
talent at scale.
Executing for today and building for tomorrow remains central to
our approach.
Strategic Bets Shaping our Future
We are building capabilities aligned with where
client demand is heading, not only where IT
has been.
Establishing AI-native Growth Drivers
Our new AI-Native Business and Platforms unit marks a pivot
towards a platform-plus-services operating model. Our goal is to
create differentiated industry offerings with AI-based platforms
and the breadth of our service capabilities. This allows us to
create scalable, repeatable solutions and participate in new
value pools. IT will also help us pivot from people-centric to
AI-centric monetization models.
Scaling Engineering Capabilities
The acquisition of HARMAN s Digital Transformation Solutions
business strengthens our engineering portfolio across device
engineering, AI, and Software-Defined technologies. IT enables
end-to-end, AI-powered engineering, supports larger, complex
transformation programs, and opens new growth markets.
Deep, Transformation-led Engagements
Partnerships such as Olam Group reflect the growing scale
and scope of client demand. These multi-year, end-to-end
transformation programs require the integration of strategy,
Dear Stakeholders,
This year marked two defining milestones
for Wipro: 80 years since our founding and
25 years since becoming the first Indian IT
services company listed on the NYSE. These
are not just markers of legacy but reminders
of our ability to adapt and stay relevant
through successive waves of change.
Our journey is built on long-standing
relationships, trust, and evolving alongside
our clients. As AI adoption accelerates, we
are stepping forward with clear intent.
Seminal Technology Shift
AI is no longer a technology trend; IT
is reshaping how enterprises operate,
compete, and grow. The pace of change
is accelerating, and expectations have
progressed from experimentation to
measurable results. The focus is on scaling
what works and delivering sustained impact.
The differentiator is not access to technology,
but the ability to deploy IT with discipline and
with partners who can navigate complexities.
Our focus is aligned to this shift: helping
clients turn AI ambition into real, durable
outcomes.
Evolving for an AI-first World
We are leading our customers'
transformation journey with our
consulting-led, AI-powered approach.
At the core of this transformation is
Wipro Intelligence , our unified suite of
AI-powered platforms, solutions, and
transformative offerings. Through WINGS and
WEGA, our AI-powered delivery platforms,
we are embedding AI across operations
and software development. This reflects
a broader shift from automating processes
to redesigning them around intelligence.
Through industry and cross-industry
platforms and solutions, and new AI services,
we are addressing business and functional
spend pools, enabling new growth streams.
We are co-innovating with clients and
academia through our Wipro Innovation
Network. Our investments in Autonomous AI,
Embodied AI, Quantum Computing, Digital
Ledger Technologies, and Quantum-Safe
Cybersecurity are foundational for the next
wave of transformation. These investments
are being translated into scalable, industry-
aligned solutions with strong governance,
security, and ethical safeguards.
We continue to leverage advanced LLMs
from frontier labs such as Anthropic,
OpenAI, and Google to deliver flexible,
responsible, and enterprise-ready solutions.
We are deeply integrating these into client
offerings and internal workflows. Key
initiatives include launching an Applied AI
Center of Excellence for Claude models,
powered by Anthropic, and training
10,000 front-line AI engineers; creating
enterprise-grade AI for highly regulated
sectors, demonstrated by Capco's
award-winning solutions and digital twin
technology, and operations, reinforcing our role as a long-term
partner across the enterprise value stream.
Investing in Talent at Scale
Technology transitions are, fundamentally, talent transitions.
We continue to build an AI-ready workforce, with over 212,000
employees enabled through structured learning and a growing
base of advanced skills and certifications. Skilling is now
embedded into delivery, driving productivity and better
client outcomes.
Our approach is to build targeted, role based capabilities
across the full spectrum of AI, from advisory to deep tech,
so our people are ready for what comes next.
Culture at the Core
Our values continue to anchor us through change.
This year marked 20 years of the Spirit of Wipro Run, bringing
together employees, clients, and partners from around the
world. Over 62,000 people across 60+ cities came together for
one of the largest employee-led charity initiatives. IT embodies
a sense of community that has remained constant even as our
business evolves.
Sustaining relevance over eight decades requires continuous
reinvention. What remains unchanged is our commitment to
acting responsibly and building with purpose.
Looking Ahead
The role of IT services is expanding and evolving. Clients are
seeking partners who bring technology, industry expertise, and
ownership for outcomes. This creates a significant opportunity
for us.
Our focus and strategy remain on:
leading with our consulting-led, AI-powered approach
strengthening client relationships
converting opportunities into measurable business impact
investing in differentiated capabilities that help us lead in an
AI-first world
As I complete two years as CEO, we have sharpened our
strategy, strengthened our capabilities, and stayed anchored in
the values that define us. The early results are encouraging, and
our focus is on disciplined execution to scale our impact.
On behalf of the leadership team, I thank our clients, partners,
shareholders, and employees for their continued trust
and support.
Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS AND OUTLOOK
Management Discussion
and Analysis
Industry Overview
IT Services
According to the Strategic Review 2026 published by the
National Association of Software and Service Companies
( NASSCOM and such publication, the NASSCOM Report ),
global IT services spending grew year-over-year by 4.6%
in calendar year 2025 despite macroeconomic uncertainty
and muted enterprise budgets. Growth was driven by the
industrialization of AI, continued digital and cloud transformation,
and sustained demand for cybersecurity and data services,
with AI reshaping operating models and talent requirements
rather than driving broad displacement. Sustainability initiatives
remained largely compliance-driven.
Heightened regulatory focus across economies has reshaped
our service models and data practices, positioning data and
technology governance and controls as critical to market
access and differentiation. Global Capability Centers expanded
alongside service providers, while the convergence of IT
and business process management enabled more intelligent
and value-driven operations. Services increasingly moved
toward more intellectual property ( IP ) led, productized
and outcome-linked models.
Global IT service providers are equipped to support enterprises
across industries with a wide range of AI-powered technology
and business process services across advisory, application
development, customer-centric design, cybersecurity, cloud
infrastructure, data and analytics, engineering, and research
and development ( R&D ). We expect the IT services industry
to continue supporting enterprises across key areas such as
enterprise AI and data modernization, scaling AI adoption,
cost optimization, vendor consolidation, cyber resilience,
process re-engineering, customer experience, innovation in
products, services and talent strategies for an AI-first world.
According to the NASSCOM Report, revenue for Indian
IT services sector is expected to grow 4.1% YoY in fiscal
year 2026. Growth is being driven by enterprise-wide AI
adoption, data center investments and the expansion of
GCCs. Enterprises are embedding AI across operations,
increasing datacenter capacity demand, and pivoting to
AI industrialization with domain-centric platforms. Future
growth will hinge on AI readiness, deep domain expertise,
and access to niche skills rather than volume-based hiring.
The NASSCOM Report estimates Engineering and R&D
( ER&D ) services to grow by 7.7% YoY in FY26. This growth
is driven by modernization of the ER&D stack through
platform-driven, software-enabled models, along with
increased investments in semiconductors and advanced
technologies. ER&D services expanded across the full
phygital product lifecycle with co-creation of physical IP
via digital twins, internet of things ( IoT ) and generative AI
( GenAI ) to drive design-to-manufacturing transformation.
Building on this, the focus is likely to shift from scale toward
deeper engineering expertise and IP ownership, with
growth powered by domain-specific centers of excellence,
pod-based delivery, and reusable accelerators aimed at
reducing time-to-market.
Looking ahead, global IT services spending is expected to
accelerate to 4.2% YoY in calendar year 2026, according
to the NASSCOM Report. Rising AI investments focused
on scalable deployments and easing tariff and trade
pressures are likely to be the key contributors to this
growth. As enterprises move beyond AI pilots toward
phased GenAI and agentic scaling anchored in measurable
outcomes, growth will remain sector-specific, driven by
depth of industry expertise, advanced AI capabilities and
the ability to attract AI-native talent. Furthermore, industry
strategies are likely to consolidate around core strengths
while differentiating through platform-led offerings,
services-to-solutions models, AI-led delivery models
with agentic capabilities, outcome-based pricing, micro
verticalization, and selective M&A. Hiring will also shift from
volume toward skills, with greater emphasis on AI fluency,
domain expertise, and productivity-based workforce models.
While the outlook favors vendors that can combine
cost-efficient modernization with scaled AI delivery
with measurable outcomes, near-term caution may
persist due to an uncertain geopolitical environment
impacting discretionary spending. This may be further
amplified by pricing pressure arising from competitive
intensity and AI-driven productivity expectations, along
with heightened execution and accountability risks and
capability bottlenecks in skilled AI talent.
IT Products
According to the NASSCOM Report, the revenue for the
Indian IT hardware segment is expected to reach $21 billion
in fiscal year 2026, with the market estimated to grow by
~11% compared to fiscal year 2025, driven by localized
innovation, government led design as well as manufacturing
initiatives, alongside expanding digital infrastructure.
Further momentum from electrification, clean tech programs,
coupled with a deep tech ecosystem creating new
engineering led opportunities.
Business Overview
Celebrating more than 80 years of innovation, Wipro is a
purpose-driven global technology services and consulting
firm with over 240,000 experts across 65 countries and six
continents, helping customers, colleagues, and communities
thrive in an ever-changing world.
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS AND OUTLOOK
We are recognized globally for our strong commitment
to improve the communities we live and work in.
The economic interest of two-thirds of Wipro shares
is earmarked for philanthropy through the Azim
Premji Foundation working towards developing a just,
equitable, humane, and sustainable society. We are
globally appreciated for our unwavering commitment to
sustainability. As a founding member of 'Transform to
Net Zero', Wipro aims to achieve the goal of zero-carbon
emissions worldwide by 2040.
Our vision is to be a trusted partner for our clients,
guiding them through their transformation journey
leveraging a consulting-led and AI-powered approach,
thereby empowering them to become leaders in
their industries.
We bring together deep industry expertise, technology
capabilities, best-of-breed partners and start-ups, and
hyperscaler ecosystems to solve the most complex
problems for our clients.
At Wipro, we believe AI is a transformative force that
we believe augments human expertise, enabling new
AI-first business models, improving productivity, and
enhancing operational efficiency. Our goal is to be an
AI-first and AI-in-everything organization, transforming
both our own operations and those of our clients.
Sourcing, Shaping and Winning Large Deals with a
Consulting-led, AI-powered Approach
We are focused on accelerating our growth by securing large
deals by leveraging our strong relationships with advisors,
partners, and other ecosystem stakeholders. We continue to
drive rigor and focus by investing in dedicated pursuit teams
in our units, enabling them with differentiated solutions,
propositions, and commercial constructs.
We are driving strategic programs with our partners to create
large transformational opportunities and accelerate demand
in prioritized sectors. We continue to co-invest, co-innovate,
and co-create with our partners to deliver leading-edge
solutions and business value across technologies like AI
and GenAI, Machine Learning industry and context-specific
digital solutions, industry cloud, cloud-led transformation and
cloud-native architectures. Our AI and cloud transformative
innovation is being done collaboratively at our global
innovation studios and centers. Our top strategic partners
include hyperscalers, industry-leading platforms, and AI-
native companies like Amazon Web Services, Microsoft,
Google, IBM, SAP, ServiceNow and NVIDIA.
We are also bringing cutting-edge capabilities from the
ecosystem to our clients through our Wipro Ventures
investments in early to mid-stage start-ups. We continue to
invest in Enterprise Software startups that are aligned with
Wipro s strategic priorities. Our investments in AI enable
clients to adopt agentic workflows, enhance cyber resilience,
and advance modern software engineering practices.
As of March 31, 2026, Wipro Ventures manages 26 active
investments. In addition to direct equity investments in
emerging startups, IT also invested in 12 enterprise-focused
venture funds, including B Capital, Boldstart Ventures,
Glilot Capital Partners, GTM Fund, Nexus Venture Partners,
Pi Ventures, Redglass Ventures, Sapphire Ventures,
Sorenson Ventures, SYN Ventures, TLV Partners, and
Work-Bench Ventures.
Differentiating with Wipro Intelligence
We take a consulting-led, AI-powered approach to deliver
holistic solutions for our clients through Wipro Intelligence
- our unified suite of platforms, solutions, and transformative
offerings - empowering enterprises to scale with confidence
and lead in an AI-first world.
Our IT Services segment provides a broad range of
AI-powered IT and IT-enabled services, including AI
advisory, industry and functional consulting, AI-native
development, customer-centric design, modernization,
custom application development, infrastructure
services, cybersecurity, data and analytics, business
process services, research and development, and
hardware and software design.
Our IT Products segment offers a range of third-
party IT products including computing platforms and
storage, networking solutions, enterprise information
security, and software products such as databases
and operating systems. These offerings allow us to
offer comprehensive IT system integration services
as a complement to our IT services offerings. Our
focus continues to be on consulting-led and digital
engagements, while taking a more selective approach
to bidding for system integration engagements.
Our Business Strategy
Our strategy is defined in the context of our five
strategic priorities.
Building Large Accounts in Profitable
Markets and Prioritized Sectors
We drive growth in our core markets across the
Americas, Europe and APMEA. In each market, we have
prioritized specific sectors such as Banking, Financial
Services and Insurance ( BFSI ), Consumer , Health ,
Energy, Manufacturing and Resources ( EMR ), and
Technology and Communications to drive market
leadership with our consulting-led approach. Our
choice of sectors and industries in a market is driven
by both market attractiveness and our competitive
positioning and strengths.
We remain committed to investing and scaling our
large accounts by driving greater value, increasing
wallet share and positioning ourselves as strategic
partners across client priority areas. In addition, we are
focusing on untapped clients presenting new business
opportunities within our prioritized sectors to drive
account growth while strengthening relationships,
increasing profitability, and fostering long-term growth.
Wipro Intelligence focuses on delivering proof over promise,
empowering enterprises to run, build, and reimagine with
AI for sustained competitive advantage. Through close
collaboration with partners, ventures, and leading research
institutions, Wipro Intelligence is designed to enable clients
to experiment, adapt, and scale rapidly, while embedding
productivity gains, assuring outcomes, and establishing
responsible AI guardrails. Our suite of platforms, solutions
and offerings include:
Run AI, powered by WINGS, our AI-powered
delivery platform, designed to transform IT and
business operations;
Build AI, powered by WEGA, our agentic platform for all
build and transform needs; and
Reimagine AI, comprised of
Our Industry Platforms that are targeted at specific
industry needs, such as NetOxygen (AI-powered
lending platform), aviation platforms CROAMIS
(integrated cargo operations) and TOPS (flight and
crew operations).
Our AI solutions are targeted at solving a specific
client business challenge across and within specific
industries. These include AutoCortex, designed to
accelerate transformation towards software-defined
and autonomous vehicles, WealthAI, enabling clients
to reimagine the wealth value chain across the front,
middle and back office, and Telco Autonomous
Network Operations, enabling Level 4 or 5 network
autonomy for telecommunication companies.
Our AI initiatives are supported by the Wipro Innovation
Network - our global ecosystem of labs, partners, start-ups,
academia, and deep tech talent focused on identifying,
incubating, and co-creating high-impact, high-priority
use cases.
With our consulting-led approach, we combine industry
domain knowledge with AI-first transformation principles
to support strategic priorities of our clients. Wipro s
consulting arm integrates expertise from in-house domain
experts and strategic acquisitions, enhanced by our local
delivery capabilities.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS AND OUTLOOK
Building Talent at Scale
We are committed to nurturing a diverse and global
talent pool specializing in industry domain, consulting,
design, market development, and technology. Our
senior leadership team across markets, global business
lines, and functions reflects this diversity, with a
balanced mix of lateral hires and internally promoted
high-performing leaders.
Leadership development is strengthened through
our Wipro Leadership Institute, which helps leaders
in reinventing themselves, transforming their teams
and organizations by building knowledge, skills, and
behaviors required to achieve bold ambitions. Through
accelerated learning journeys and tailored programs
such as PRISM and GAP, we foster a unified Wipro
mindset centered on client success.
We continue to invest in building capabilities aligned
to business solutions across consulting, strategy,
architecture, and domain and leading technologies
such as AI, GenAI, data science, cybersecurity, and
engineering. To grow our talent, we are upskilling and
reskilling them in client-relevant areas through practices,
account academies, and digital learning platforms. We
are also working with our partner ecosystem to enable
skilling through certifications and hands-on learning on
their platforms.
We are also scaling AI capabilities through an
enterprise-wide skilling framework designed to embed
AI literacy across roles while developing advanced
expertise. Our AI Master s program builds a focused
cadre of specialists with deep technical, domain, and
responsible AI capabilities. Together, these efforts
strengthen our ability to improve productivity, accelerate
innovation, and deliver differentiated, AI-enabled
outcomes for clients.
We are actively building an AI-ready workforce covering
over 240,000 employees by fostering an AI-first mindset
and equipping them with essential AI skillsets and
toolsets. More than 180 AI learning pathways have
been created across proficiency levels for business and
technical teams. We aspire to excel in AI technologies
and drive AI-innovation, service delivery transformation
and efficiency. Across our delivery teams, we have
over 60,000 associates leveraging AI developer tools,
boosting our overall productivity.
In addition, we have dedicated mentoring programs to
support succession planning and continue to practice
function rotation for better business understanding.
We have also enabled an AI-driven career planning,
learning and mentoring platform, iAspire, that provides
recommendations on learning journeys based on
employees skills, experience, and career aspirations.
We continue to drive a culture of performance, ambition
and business growth, guided by the Spirit of Wipro, the
Five Habits, and the Wipro Leader Success Profile. Our
Five Habits reflect our values in action and help create a
more inclusive and cohesive work environment, building
trust, camaraderie, and a growth mindset. Our strong
commitment to integrity and a culture of ethics enable
us to fulfil our commitment and build trust with our
clients and investors.
Five Pillars of Client Centricity
We are deeply committed to solving business problems for our clients. The client-first mindset is core to our strategy that is
driven by five key pillars:
Our Growth Will Be Supported by our
Focus on AI and M&A
Through AI-powered Wipro , we aim to build AI-first
leadership mindsets, enhance employee AI skillsets, and
empower teams with advanced AI technologies and tools
while being custodians of responsible AI usage.
Through M&A, we aim to capture high-potential market
opportunities aligned with our priority areas. We believe our
strategic acquisitions in the U.S., Europe, and APMEA have
strengthened our presence, enhanced our capabilities, and
improved our market positioning.
Delivery innovation through infusion of AI, GenAI
and our delivery platforms; WINGS embeds AI
into operations across application management,
infrastructure support, and business process
operations. WEGA extends AI capabilities across the
development lifecycle, from vibe coding to model
tuning and data pipelines.
Delivery-led growth through delivery teams engaged
in opportunities to cross-sell and up-sell within existing
client engagements, including proactive proposals,
change requests, etc.
Driving delivery excellence through early risk
detection (alerts), proactive mitigation, and strong
governance to ensure client satisfaction.
Demand fulfilment by forecasting requirements for
high-growth areas, ensuring talent availability through
tailored account and practice academies, resulting in
efficient utilization and volume growth.
Delivery operations promoting an employee-led
rotation culture, optimizing bench and mobility, and
accelerating intake and deployment.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS AND OUTLOOK
Financial Position
(Figures in ₹ million except otherwise stated)
Particulars
FY26
FY25
FY24
Share Capital
20,977
20,944
10,450
Net Worth
887,877
830,447
751,223
Gross Cash (A)
551,809
542,458
409,519
Total Debt (B)
167,874
161,817
141,466
Net Cash (A-B)
383,935
380,641
268,053
Property, Plant and Equipment (C)
81,787
80,684
81,608
Intangible Assets (D)
29,176
27,450
32,748
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible
Assets (C+D)
110,963
108,134
114,356
Goodwill
387,399
325,014
316,002
Net Current Assets
423,122
491,522
398,204
Capital Employed1
1,055,751
992,264
892,689
Shareholding Related
Number of Shareholders2
2,603,140
2,431,180
2,397,648
Market Price Per Share (₹)3
187.6
262.3
240.1
Capital Employed is computed as the addition of Net Worth and Total Debts.
Number of shareholders (as at March 31 of respective years) represents holders of equity shares and does not include holders of ADRs.
Market price of shares is based on the closing price in NSE as on March 31 of respective years and has been adjusted for the bonus issue in 2024.
Financial Performance
Particulars
FY26
FY25
YoY Change
Revenue
928,093
890,916
4.17%
Cost of Revenue
-656,192
-617,802
6.21%
Gross Profit
271,901
273,114
-0.44%
Selling and Marketing Expenses
-59,216
-64,378
-8.02%
General and Administrative Expenses
-61,434
-57,465
6.91%
Operating Income
151,251
151,271
-0.01%
Profit Attributable to Equity Holders
131,974
131,354
0.47%
Selling & Marketing (% of Revenue)
6.38%
7.23%
-85bps
G&A (% of Revenue)
6.62%
6.45%
17bps
Gross Margin
29.30%
30.66%
-136bps
Operating Margin
16.30%
16.98%
-68bps
EPS Basic
12.60
12.56
0.32%
EPS Diluted
12.56
12.52
0.32%
Revenue: Our revenue increased by 4.17% for fiscal year
2026 compared to fiscal year 2025.
Our IT Services segment revenue increased by 3.71% for
fiscal year 2026 compared to fiscal year 2025. This growth
was driven primarily by the depreciation of the Indian
Rupee against major foreign currencies, including the Euro,
Pound Sterling, U.S. Dollar, Australian Dollar, and Canadian
Dollar, revenue from acquisitions completed during the year
ended March 31, 2026 and the ramp-up of new deal wins,
especially large contracts. The growth was impacted by
reduction in discretionary spending by our clients arising out
of macroeconomic challenges and geopolitical dynamics.
During fiscal year 2026, the revenue from Americas 1,
Europe and APMEA grew, while revenue from Americas
2 declined.
Revenue of the IT Products segment increased by 157.8%.
This growth was driven by revenue from acquisitions
completed during the year and higher revenue from a few
select customers in India.
Cost of Revenues: Cost of revenues increased by 6.21%
in absolute terms. This rise was primarily due to higher
employee compensation, subcontracting and technical
fees, software licenses, expenses for internal use, and the
cost of hardware and software. Employee compensation
increased primarily on account of acquisitions completed
during the year ended March 31, 2026, salary increases,
including promotions, depreciation of the Indian Rupee
against major foreign currencies, including the Euro, Pound
Sterling, U.S. Dollar, Australian Dollar, and Canadian Dollar
and employee restructuring costs incurred in fiscal year
2026. Sub-contracting and technical fees increased primarily
on account of costs incurred to fill vacant positions. Higher
software expenses for internal use are primarily due to new
technology investments made during the year. Increased
costs of hardware and software are due to higher product
sales. This increase in cost of revenue was partially offset by
a decrease in the depreciation charge for our property, plant
and equipment and right-of-use assets.
Selling and Marketing Expenses: Our selling and marketing
expenses as a percentage of total revenue decreased from
7.23% for the year ended March 31, 2025 to 6.38% for the
year ended March 31, 2026. In absolute terms, selling and
marketing expenses decreased by 8.02% due to decrease
in our total employee compensation costs as a result of
lower average headcount and a reduction in per-employee
cost in fiscal year 2026 as compared to fiscal year 2025 and
were partially offset by the impact of salary increases and
promotions, and a one-time employee restructuring expense
of ₹1,083 million in fiscal year 2026.
General and Administrative Expenses: Our general and
administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue
increased from 6.45% for the year ended March 31, 2025,
to 6.62% for the year ended March 31, 2026. In absolute
terms, general and administrative expenses increased by
6.91%. This was primarily on account of the impact of the
implementation of a new labor code in India (₹2,599 million
included in employee compensation), an increase in lifetime
expected credit loss provisions in fiscal year 2026, and
receipt of a one-time insurance claim of ₹1,805 million in
fiscal year 2025. This increase in expenses was partially
offset by a reduction in staff recruitment expenses and a
reduction in average headcount during the fiscal year 2026
arising out of cost optimization initiatives.
For segment reporting, we have included the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on revenue. Excluding the
impact of exchange rate fluctuations, revenue, as reported in our statement of income, is ₹890,884 million and
₹926,240 million for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively. Please see Note 33 of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements under IFRS for additional details.
For key financial ratios refer to Investor Returns section.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS AND OUTLOOK
Operating Income: As a result of the foregoing factors,
our operating income marginally decreased from
₹151,271 million for the year ended March 31, 2025, to
₹151,251 million for the year ended March 31, 2026, and
our results from operating activities as a percentage of
revenue (operating margin) decreased by 68 bps from
16.98% to 16.30%.
Finance Expenses: Our finance expenses decreased
from ₹14,770 million for the year ended March 31, 2025,
to ₹14,577 million for the year ended March 31, 2026.
The decrease is primarily due to lower loans and
borrowings and a gain on remeasurement of written
put options, which was offset by an increase in interest
on lease and tax liability during the year ended
Finance and Other Income: Our finance and other
income decreased from ₹38,202 million for the year
ended March 31, 2025, to ₹36,491 million for the year
ended March 31, 2026. The decrease is primarily due to
a decrease in dividend income of ₹2,296 million during
the year ended March 31, 2026, compared to the year
ended March 31, 2025.
Income Taxes: Our income taxes decreased by ₹2,010
million from ₹42,777 million for the year ended March
31, 2025, to ₹40,767 million for the year ended March
31, 2026, and our effective tax rate decreased from
24.45% for the year ended March 31, 2025 to 23.51% for
the year ended March 31, 2026. Please refer to Note 21
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
under IFRS for further information.
Profit Attributable to Non-Controlling Interest: Our
profit attributable to non-controlling interest decreased
from ₹826 million for the year ended March 31, 2025,
to ₹681 million for the year ended March 31, 2026.
Profit Attributable to Equity Holders: As a result of
the foregoing factors, our profit attributable to equity
holders increased by ₹620 million or 0.47%, from
₹131,354 million for the year ended March 31, 2025, to
₹131,974 million for the year ended March 31, 2026.
IT Services Results of Operations for the
Years Ended March 31, 2026
and 2025
Our gross profit as a percentage of revenue from our IT
Services segment decreased by 92 bps. This decline was
primarily driven by an increase in employee compensation
by ₹23,552 million due to the impact of salary increases,
including promotions, and an increase in average headcount,
including through acquisitions completed in fiscal year 2026
as compared to fiscal year 2025. Additionally, incremental
sub-contracting costs of ₹7,559 million were incurred to fill
vacant positions and software license expenses increased
by ₹2,529 million for internal use due to the implementation
of new technology. Further, the expenses increased on
account of depreciation of the Indian Rupee against major
foreign currencies, including the Euro, Pound Sterling,
U.S. Dollar, Australian Dollar, and Canadian Dollar. This is
partially offset by decrease in the depreciation charge for
our property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of
₹1,504 million.
Selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue
from our IT Services segment declined from 7.2% for the
year ended March 31, 2025, to 6.30% for the year ended
March 31, 2026. In absolute terms, these expenses fell by
₹6,317 million. Employee compensation costs decreased
by ₹5,900 million due to lower average headcount and
a reduction in per-employee cost in fiscal year 2026 as
compared to fiscal year 2025 and was partially offset by
the impact of salary increases and promotions.
General and administrative expenses as a percentage of
revenue from our IT Services segment decreased from
6.48% for the year ended March 31, 2025, to 6.35% for the
year ended March 31, 2026. In absolute terms, general and
administrative expenses increased by ₹969 million. This was
primarily due to an increase in lifetime expected credit loss
of ₹2,401 million and receipt of a one-time insurance claim of
₹1,805 million in fiscal year 2025. This was partially offset by
a reduction in total employee compensation costs of ₹3,101
million arising from cost optimization initiatives in fiscal
year 2026 compared to fiscal year 2025. Staff recruitment
expenses decreased by ₹1,244 million during the year ended
As a result of the above, segment results as a percentage of
our revenue from our IT Services segment increased by 15
bps, from 17.07% to 17.22%. In absolute terms, the segment
results of our IT Services segment increased by 4.62%.
Our segment results by SMUs within the IT Services segment, expressed in terms of percentages, are provided below:
Strategic Market Units
FY26
FY26
FY25
FY25
Percentage
of $ Revenue
Percentage of
Segment Results
Percentage of
$ Revenue
Percentage of
Segment Results
Americas 1
33.2%
38.4%
31.7%
39.7%
Americas 2
29.2%
40.4%
30.6%
33.5%
Europe
26.5%
19.4%
27.1%
19.6%
APMEA
11.1%
8.5%
10.6%
9.4%
Unallocated
NA
-6.7%
NA
-2.2%
Our IT Services segment revenue by sectors, expressed in terms of percentages, is provided below:
Sector
FY26
FY25
Banking, Financial Services and Insurance
34.1%
34.3%
Consumer
18.4%
19.1%
Health
14.5%
14.1%
Energy, Manufacturing and Resources1
17.0%
17.2%
Technology and Communications1
16.0%
15.3%
1Effective July 1, 2024, the Company reorganized its sectors by merging Technology and Communications into Technology and Communications sector,
and Energy, Natural Resources and Utilities and Manufacturing sectors were merged effective October 1, 2024, into Energy, Manufacturing and Resources
sector. Comparative period revenue by sectors information has been restated to give effect to this change.
Analysis of Revenue and Results by Segment
Operating Results of the IT Services Segment are as Follows:
Particulars
FY26
FY25
YoY Change
Revenue
921,153
888,224
3.71%
Cost of Revenue
(646,024)
(614,754)
5.09%
Gross Profit
275,129
273,470
0.61%
Selling and Marketing Expenses
(57,988)
(64,305)
-9.82%
General and Administrative Expenses
(58,495)
(57,526)
1.68%
Segment Results
158,646
151,639
4.62%
As a Percentage of Revenue
Selling and Marketing Expenses
6.30%
7.24%
-94 bps
General and Administrative Expenses
6.35%
6.48%
-13 bps
Gross Margins
29.87%
30.79%
-92 bps
Segment Results
17.22%
17.07%
15 bps
For the purpose of segment reporting, we have included the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, gains/(losses), net
amounting to H32 million and H1,853 million for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively, in revenue.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS AND OUTLOOK
IT Services Clients
We service clients from a broad array of industry sectors. Several of our clients engage our services across multiple
service offerings. We seek to increase business with our existing clients by expanding the type and range of services
we can provide to them. The table below sets forth the number of our clients as measured by revenues.
Client Revenue Bucket ($)
FY26
FY25
FY24
1-3 million
3-5 million
5-50 million
50-100 million
>100 million
Total >1 million
The largest client of our IT Services business accounted for 3.0%, 4.3% and 4.6% of revenues from the IT Services
business as a whole for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. The five largest clients of our
IT Services business accounted for 13.0%, 14.0% and 14.3% of our total IT Services revenues for the years ended
March 31, 2024, 2025, and 2026, respectively.
Guided Outlook Versus Actuals
Performance against Guidance
Historically, we have followed a practice of providing constant currency revenue guidance for our largest business
segment, namely, IT Services, in dollar terms. This guidance is provided at the release of every quarterly earnings,
when the revenue outlook for the succeeding quarter is shared. The following table presents the performance of IT
Services Revenue against the outlook previously communicated for the past eight quarters. Our revenue performance
has been within the guidance range in 7 out of 8 quarters of fiscal year 2025 and 2026 and exceeded the guidance
range once in Q3 FY25.
Quarter
Guidance ($ mn)
Revenue -
Reported Currency
($ mn)
Revenue -
Guided Currency
($ mn)
% of over/(under)
Achievement against
Lower/Upper End of
Guidance
Q4 FY26 (Jan - Mar 2026)
2,635-2,688
2,651.0
2,641.4
0.2%/(1.8%)
Q3 FY26 (Oct - Dec 2025)
2,591-2,644
2,635.4
2,641.8
1.9%/(0.1%)
Q2 FY26 (July - Sep 2025)
2,560-2,612
2,604.3
2,594.2
1.3%/(0.7%)
Q1 FY26 (Apr - June 2025)
2,505-2,557
2,587.4
2,543.3
1.5%/(0.5%)
Q4 FY25 (Jan - Mar 2025)
2,602-2,655
2,596.5
2,607.9
0.2%/(1.8%)
Q3 FY25 (Oct - Dec 2024)
2,607-2,660
2,629.1
2,661.4
2.1%/(0.1%)
Q2 FY25 (July - Sep 2024)
2,600-2,652
2,660.1
2,642.0
1.6%/(0.4%)
Q1 FY25 (Apr - Jun 2024)
2,617-2,670
2,625.9
2,631.4
0.6%/(1.4%)
Operating Results of the IT Products Segment are as Follows:
Particulars
FY26
FY25
YoY Change
Revenue
6,940
2,692
157.80%
Cost of Revenue
(6,128)
(2,833)
116.31%
Gross Profit
(141)
675.89%
Selling and Marketing Expenses
(175)
(59)
196.61%
General and Administrative Expenses
(78)
-388.89%
Segment Results
(173)
423.12%
As a Percentage of Revenue

Selling and Marketing Expenses
2.52%
2.19%
33bps
General and Administrative Expenses
1.12%
-1.00%
212bps
Gross Margins
11.70%
-5.24%
1694bps
Segment Results
8.05%
-6.43%
1448bps
IT Products Results of Operations for the
Years Ended March 31, 2026 and 2025
Our revenue from the IT Products segment increased by
157.80% for the year ended March 31, 2026, compared
to our revenue for the year ended March 31, 2025. This
growth was primarily driven by revenue from acquisitions
completed during the year and higher revenue from a few
select customers in India. Our gross profit as a percentage
of our IT Products segment revenue increased by 1,694
bps for the year ended March 31, 2026, compared to the
year ended March 31, 2025. In absolute terms, gross profit
increased by ₹953 million primarily due to incremental profit
from acquisition and profitable contracts executed during
Selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue
from our IT Products segment increased from 2.19% for the
year ended March 31, 2025, to 2.52% for the year ended
March 31, 2026. In absolute terms, selling and marketing
expenses increased by ₹116 million.
General and administrative expenses/(credit) as a percentage
of revenue from our IT Products segment increased from
(1.00)% for the year ended March 31, 2025, to 1.12% for the
year ended March 31, 2026. In absolute terms, general and
administrative expenses increased by ₹105 million primarily
due to an increase in lifetime expected credit loss on trade
receivables during the year ended March 31, 2026, as
compared to a write-back in lifetime expected credit loss on
trade receivables during the year ended March 31, 2025.
As a result of the above, segment results as a percentage
of our revenue from our IT Products segment increased by
1,448 bps, from (6.43)% to 8.05%. In absolute terms, the
segment profit of our IT Products segment increased by
₹732 million.
Reconciling Items
Reconciling Items for the year ended March 31, 2026, was
₹7,954 million, which includes restructuring costs of ₹5,139
million and a ₹2,756 million impact from past service cost
on gratuity, remeasurement of leave encashment due to the
implementation of the new labor code [in India] and certain
other corporate costs. For the year ended March 31, 2025,
Reconciling Items includes ₹202 million towards certain
corporate costs.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS AND OUTLOOK
Cash used in financing activities for the year ended
March 31, 2025, was ₹63,963 million. This is primarily on
account of outflow for payment of dividends amounting to
₹62,750 million, payment of lease liabilities including interest
of ₹10,474 million and payment of interest and finance
expenses of ₹8,689 million. These were partially offset by an
inflow of ₹17,923 million from loans and borrowings during
the year ended March 31, 2025.
We maintain a borrowing level that we have established
through consideration of several factors, including cash flow
expectations, cash required for operations and investment
plans. We continually monitor our funding requirements,
and strategies are executed to maintain sufficient
flexibility to access global funding sources, as needed.
Please refer to Note 14 of our Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements under IFRS for additional details on
our borrowings.
As of March 31, 2026, we had contractual commitments of
₹9,416 million ($100 million) related to capital expenditures
on the construction or expansion of software development
facilities and ₹52,214 million ($556 million) related to other
purchase obligations. Plans to construct or expand our
software development facilities are determined by our
business requirements.
As discussed above, cash generated from operations is our
primary source of liquidity. We believe that our cash and cash
equivalents, along with cash generated from operations,
will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements
as well as repayment obligations with respect to debt and
borrowings for the next 12 months. Our choices of sources
of funding will be driven by the objective of maintaining an
optimal capital structure.
We will rely on funds generated from operations and external
debt to fund potential acquisitions. We expect that our cash
and cash equivalents, investments in short-term mutual
funds, and the cash flows expected to be generated from our
operations in the future will generally be sufficient to fund
our growth aspirations, as applicable.
In the normal course of business, we transfer certain trade
receivables, unbilled receivables, and net investments in
finance leases (financial assets) to banks on a non-recourse
basis. The incremental impact of such transactions on our
cash flow and liquidity for the years ended March 31, 2025
and 2026 is not material. Please refer to Note 19 of our
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under IFRS.
Our liquidity and capital requirements are affected by many
factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing
operations of our businesses and some of which arise from
uncertainties related to global economies and the markets
that we target for our services. We cannot be certain that
additional financing, if needed, will be available on favorable
terms, if at all.
As of March 31, 2025 and 2026, our cash and cash
equivalents were primarily held in U.S. Dollars, Canadian
Dollars, Euros, Pound Sterling, Indian Rupees, Australian
Dollars, Chinese Yuan, and Swiss Franc. Please refer to
Financial risk management under Note 19 of our Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements under IFRS for more
details on our treasury activities.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Company s cash flow from its operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows, is summarized in the table below:
Particulars
FY26
FY25
YoY Change
Net Cash Generated from/(Used in)
Operating Activities
149,316
169,426
(20,110)
Investing Activities
(33,423)
(80,730)
47,307
Financing Activities
(141,260)
(63,963)
(77,297)
Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents
(25,367)
24,733
(50,100)
Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents
8,948
8,658
As of March 31, 2026, we had cash and cash equivalents
and short-term investments of ₹543,235 million. Cash
and cash equivalents and short-term investments, net of
loans and borrowings, were ₹375,361 million.
In addition, we have unutilized credit lines in various
currencies aggregating to ₹41,108 million as of March
31, 2026. To utilize these lines of credit, we require
the consent of the lender and compliance with certain
financial covenants. We have historically financed our
working capital and capital expenditures through our
operating cash flows and through bank debt, as required.
Cash generated from operating activities for the year
ended March 31, 2026, decreased by ₹20,110 million,
while profit for the year increased by ₹475 million during
the same period. The decrease in cash generated from
operating activities is primarily due to increased working
capital requirements, contributed by net increases in
trade receivables, unbilled receivables, contract assets,
and other assets. The decrease was partially offset by
net increases in trade payables, accrued expenses,
other financial liabilities, other liabilities, provisions and
contract liabilities.
Cash generated from operating activities for the year
ended March 31, 2025, decreased by ₹6,790 million,
while profit for the year increased by ₹21,059 million
during the same period. The decrease in cash generated
from operating activities is primarily due to increased
working capital requirements, contributed by net
increases in trade receivables, unbilled receivables,
contract assets, and other assets. Further, income taxes
paid, net of refund, increased by ₹10,815 million during
the year ended March 31, 2025.
Cash used in investing activities for the year ended
March 31, 2026, was ₹33,423 million. Cash is primarily
used towards purchases of investments (net of sale)
amounting to ₹21,074 million and purchases of property,
plant and equipment amounting to ₹15,603 million,
which was primarily driven by the growth strategy of the
Company. Further, there was a cash outflow of ₹26,033
million towards the business acquisition consummated
during the year ended March 31, 2026. These were
partially offset by an inflow of ₹28,881 million from
interest and dividends received and an inflow of H758
million from the sale of property, plant and equipment
during the year ended March 31, 2026.
Cash used in investing activities for the year ended
March 31, 2025, was ₹80,730 million. Cash is primarily
used towards purchases of investments (net of sale)
amounting to ₹95,062 million and purchases of property,
plant and equipment amounting to ₹14,737 million,
which was primarily driven by the growth strategy
of the Company. Further, there was a cash outflow
of ₹964 million towards the business acquisition
consummated during the year ended March 31, 2025.
These were partially offset by an inflow of ₹28,511 million
from interest and dividends received and an inflow
of ₹1,822 million from the sale of property, plant and
equipment during the year ended March 31, 2025.
Cash used in financing activities for the year ended
March 31, 2026, was ₹141,260 million. This is primarily on
account of outflow for payment of dividends amounting
to ₹115,206 million, payment of lease liabilities including
interest of ₹11,561 million, payment of interest and
finance expenses of ₹6,336 million and repayment of
loans and borrowings of ₹6,752 million from loans and
borrowings during the year ended March 31, 2026.

Our Stakeholders
SUSTAINABILITY AT WIPRO
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Investors
Delivering long-term
value through consistent
and disciplined
performance
Customers
Delivering AI-enabled,
innovation-led outcomes
through four Global Business
Lines. Technology Services,
Business Process Services,
Consulting, and Engineering
Planet & Well-being
Driving our environmental
commitment since 2007,
using Natural Capital
Valuation to connect
environmental impact
with human well-being
Employees
Building a people-
centric, future-ready
workforce focused on
safety, wellbeing, and
continuous upskilling
Communities
Governance-led
engagement focused on
education, healthcare,
and vulnerable
Suppliers
Building resilient,
collaborative, and
sustainability-aligned
partnerships with
suppliers
Our values encapsulate our spirit.
IT defines and makes up our character.
Inputs
Value Creation Model
Financial Capital
Net Worth: ₹888 bn
Debt: ₹167.9 bn
Natural Capital
Total Green Energy Procurement: 174 mn KwH
Investment in water management: ₹295 mn
Green Procurement: EPEAT implemented for
over 8 years
Human Capital
Total Number of Employees: 242,156
Hours of training & development: 19.23 mn Hours
Investments in employee well-being: 1.60% of
total revenue
Intellectual Capital
R&D Investments: ₹4,499 mn
AI Aware employees/associates acquired
Advanced AI skills: 85,219
40+ companies invested in through
Wipro Ventures
Fund to invest through Wipro Ventures: $500 mn
How we Deliver Value
Outputs
Stakeholder-centric Outcomes
Stakeholders
SDGs
N
H
₹2,274 mn: CSR Expenditure
16.84%: Supplier diversity spends
8.63%: MSME spend
Social & Relationship Capital
S
National Offices: 52
International Offices: 165
Investment in green Buildings: ₹105 mn
GECC platform integrates 90% of our total India
office space through BMS
Manufactured Capital
F
N
Natural Capital
94% - Of our electricity is powered by
renewable sources
34% - Of our total water consumption is
treated and reused wastewater
98% - Waste recycled
$510 mn - Natural Capital Impact
123,539 tons CO2e emissions avoided
2,637 tons CO2e avoided through EPEAT
H
Human Capital
212,663 - Employees covered through AI-ready
workforce initiatives
86% - satisfaction in Employee Engagement Survey
Intellectual Capital
Deployment of multi-domain AI solutions
Sovereign AI (secure data applications), Inspect
AI (visual intelligence) and Agentic AI (process
automation) including 750+ venture solutions
1,907: Total number of patents
EIQ (Enterprise Intelligent Quotient)
framework for structured AI adoption
S
Social & Relationship Capital
97.3% of total revenue: Revenue from existing
customers (IT Services segment)
1,233: Total Number of Clients
188+: Community partners
5.9 mn: Number of Beneficiaries (communities)
216: Number of new customers
NPS continues in the top quartile of industry.
Manufactured Capital
Global service delivery network
spanning 224+ locations.
As a result of GECC, we had an annual
electricity saving of 5.22 mn units and
net energy savings of ₹41.887 mn per
annum (across offices located in India).
F
Financial Capital
$10,478 mn - IT Services Revenue
$1414.0 mn - Profit After Tax
15.4% - Return on Net Worth
$0.13 - Earnings Per Share
Investors
87.8% - Total Payout as percentage of Net Income over
a block of trailing 3 years.
Our sound governance, financial management and risk
governance provide our investors the assurance of
long-term stability.
Global leadership in investor-led frameworks like the
following: member of S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook;
Ecovadis- Silver rating and CDP (Climate Change A-, Water A-).
Planet (Environment & Human Well-being)
Our environmental stewardship activities help reduce
the negative externalities and burden on the natural
environment. While our contribution may be modest
relative to the scale of the challenge, the cost of inaction
is far greater. We will continue to strengthen our efforts in
this space.
Beyond our operations, our urban ecology initiatives
support underserved urban communities through access
to clean water and sanitation, solid waste management,
and resilience to urban heat.
Employees
With a culture rooted in the Spirit of Wipro values and Five
Habits, we are constantly raising the bar for a workplace that
is inclusive, diverse, fair, safe and that fosters a strong sense
of belonging.
Our efforts have resulted in being recognized by the World
Economic Forum for Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI)
Lighthouse, 2025 for demonstrating measurable, scalable,
and sustained impact in advancing inclusion and belonging,
among other distinctions.
Customers
Scalable enterprise-wide AI implementation capabilities.
Strengthened client transformation outcomes through
AI-led innovation.
Co-creation of AI-powered solutions for different
industry segments.
NPS continues in the top quartile of industry.
Communities
Wipro s engagement with communities is rooted in a
spirit of partnership and focuses on deep long-term
concerns and formed on the bedrock of good
governance and the Spirit of Wipro values.
Engagement on critical issues in Education, Primary
Healthcare, and Urban Ecology with deliberative focus
on vulnerable urban communities.
An overarching objective is to strengthen organizational
capacity of our partners.
Suppliers
Our suppliers are critical stakeholders in our business
success. Our suppliers are chosen for alignment with
Wipro values of integrity and ethical conduct.
Our investment in capacity building, especially with our
MSME suppliers through programs such as WISE, help
build responsible and resilient supply chains aligned with
ESG principles.
Five Habits
Our Strategic Priorities
Being respectful Being responsive
Always communicating Demonstrating stewardship
Building trust
- Building Large Accounts in Profitable
Markets and Prioritized Sectors
- Sourcing, Shaping and Winning Large
Deals with a Consulting-led,
AI-powered Approach
- Differentiating with Wipro Intelligence
- Building Talent at Scale
- Client Centricity
Wipro s efforts in creating meaningful outcomes have been recognized globally; for further details, please refer to our Awards and Recognition on page 32.
Capital linkages: N H I S M
Capital linkages: F N H M
Capital linkages: F N H
Capital linkages: F N I S M
Capital linkages: F H I M
Capital linkages: F N H I

SUSTAINABILITY AT WIPRO
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Impact Valuation Report
Impact valuation measures a company s positive and negative
externalities on society and the environment. Although the
methodologies continue to evolve, IT provides a useful way
to identify where value is created or diminished across the
value chain.
Its purpose is to assess both the intended and unintended impacts of business
activities across products and services, operations, and the supply chain.
By systematically accounting for these externalities, businesses can make more
informed decisions that create value for all stakeholders, not just shareholders.
Since 2016, we have measured our Environmental Profit & Loss (EP&L), also known as
Natural Capital Valuation. This helps us assign a monetary value to natural capital and
express different environmental impacts in a common unit. Over the past three years,
we have also conducted Human Capital Valuation to assess the financial value of our
impacts on employees, and Produced Capital Valuation to evaluate the value created
for different stakeholders.
Factors Considered for Impact Accounting
Environmental Parameters
Includes GHG emissions, air pollution, water consumption, waste generation,
water and land pollution and land use change. This exercise was conducted for
our Company (direct operations) as well as our value chain (Purchased Goods
and Services, Fuel & Energy-related activities, business travel, employee commute
and upstream leased assets).
Social Parameters
Includes labor practices, community engagement, human rights and health
and safety.
Economic Parameters
Includes financial performance, economic impacts and value chain analysis.
Wipro s Natural Capital Valuation Program
Assessment of natural capital impacts involves methodologies that help companies
discover their hitherto hidden impacts (both positive and negative) on nature
and natural capital. Discovering hidden impacts helps companies make informed
decisions and identify future risks and opportunities. IT is a rigorous framework that
assesses and quantifies impacts across the six Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) that
are part of Environmental factors. The methodology uses a value for the social cost of
carbon that varies by country and sector. Typically, IT uses a higher discount rate for
developing countries as compared to developed countries, as the former need more
ecological space and time to fulfil their developmental imperatives.

Methodology
To calculate the impacts of air pollution, only human health
impacts were considered, as they contribute to 95% of the
total impact. Land use valuation is based on the net change in
economic value due to the loss of ecosystem services. In our
case, IT is calculated for the electricity procured from the grid
mix and fuel consumed, because, for direct operations, land
use change is not considered material. For calculating the
impact of water consumption, the impacts on human health,
including the incidence of infectious diseases, and the energy
consumption from water provisioning were considered.
Our NCV for FY26
The overall impacts can be broken down into two
components-operational impacts and upstream
impacts. In FY26, total environmental costs of Wipro s
operations and upstream were quantified at $510 million
($270 million in FY25), of which operational and
upstream impacts contribute 1% ($3.6 million) and
99% ($506.4 million) respectively.
Our operational impacts saw a significant decline primarily
due to an increase in the renewable share of electricity
and a decrease in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, hence
reducing the proportion of operational impact to the total
impact. This year, we also saw an increase in upstream
valuation, particularly from our Purchased Goods & Services.
This has resulted primarily from (i) increased procurement
spend this year; and (ii) the upstream impacts of this
spend on Tier II and Tier III suppliers, particularly those
attributable to air pollution.
For greater clarity, we have presented below the natural
capital valuation from our Operations and Upstream
separately. A negative value indicates a positive impact
on the environment.
GHG Emissions
Water and Land Pollution
FY26 Impact
FY26 Impact
FY25 Impact
FY25 Impact
FY24 Impact
FY24 Impact
1,500
2,493
Air Pollution
FY26 Impact
FY25 Impact
FY24 Impact
Waste Generation
FY26 Impact
-170
FY25 Impact
FY24 Impact
-11
-29
Water Consumption
FY26 Impact
FY25 Impact
FY24 Impact
Land Use Change
FY26 Impact
FY25 Impact
FY24 Impact
Valuation Intensity by EBIT for Operational Impacts
Intensity ($ per million $ EBIT)
There are no impacts on land use change as a result of operations

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
SUSTAINABILITY AT WIPRO
Within Wipro s upstream supply chain, Purchased
Goods and Services across all tiers of suppliers
(94%; $480 million) and upstream leased assets
(3%; $14 million) are the top impact categories.
The increased granularity in reporting upstream
leased assets has resulted in a slight increase in
impacts from this category.
In terms of the sources of impact, air pollution
(81%; $420 million) and GHG emissions
(11%; $56 million) are the top two contributors.
The primary source of air pollution in our impact
reporting comes from secondary and tertiary
suppliers. A note on the methodology to measure
air pollution impacts is highlighted in the box.
Refer to page 59
GHG Emissions
Air Pollution
FY26
27,310
2,09,820
25,500
79,630
28,500
110,000
FY26
FY25
FY25
FY24
FY24
0%
10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
Valuation Intensity by EBIT for Upstream Activities
Intensity ($ per mn $ EBIT)
Purchased Goods and Services Fuel- and Energy Related Activities Business Travel Employee Commuting Upstream Leased Assets
Water Consumption
Water & Land Pollution
FY26
FY25
FY24
Waste Generation
Land Use Change
FY26
FY26
FY25
FY25
FY24
FY24
0%
10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
0%
10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
FY26
FY25
FY24
0%
10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
0%
10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
0%
10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
3,500
4,600
8,900
12,540
7,980
11,150
The length of the bars is not representative of the values.

Air Pollution Impacts - EEI Methodology
In the spend-based estimation using the EEIO
(Environmentally Extended Input-Output) model, the impacts
are captured across secondary and tertiary suppliers
throughout the full supply chain, creating a multiplier effect.
In the case of air pollution, the coefficients include toxic
pollutants such as heavy metals, which accumulate across
multiple supplier tiers and supporting industries.
Although service-sector vendors typically have low direct
emissions, they depend on complex supply chains that
rely on electricity, digital infrastructure, transport, business
services, and other intermediate inputs. When these
dependencies are captured through the Leontief inverse
framework, environmental burdens from emission-intensive
sectors can accumulate, leading to relatively high
upstream impacts.
Since these businesses often generate high economic
output with limited physical flows, a larger share of upstream
environmental burdens may be assigned per unit of spend.
We constantly try and address previous years gaps through
improved accuracy of input metrics. Till last year, we had not
included a sizable category of procurement of services-such
as membership fees, health & safety related services-
because they were made without a purchase order and
we were unable to assign material-categories accurately in
the system. Since material categories play a critical role in
determining impact valuation, wrong assignment can lead to
erroneous results. This year however, we decided to adopt
a conservative approach and include this entire category
(amounting to around 50% of our total purchased value),
despite being unable to bifurcate the spend by material
group or user (Wipro or our customer). We recognize the
likelihood of over-estimation of impact - one indicator of
this is the very high attribution of air-pollution (81%) to the
overall value. High air pollution values are typical of material
categories like construction materials, electronics (high
intensity of heavy metals) but not of services line items even
after factoring in all upstream tiers, as indicated in the box
above. We will continue to fine-tune our metrics and will
report any material re-statements of this particular valuation
in our dashboard.
Another indicator of this possible over-estimation is the
fact that the picture gets flipped if we do an apple-to-apple
comparison after removing this new category. We see that
the total impact valuation drops by 22% to $210 million from
$270 million. Possible reasons for this decrease include:
Complete phase-out of R-22 from all our sites, and a
decrease in fuel consumption
Increased percentage of RE (94%), resulting in a
decrease in operational valuation as well as a decrease
in upstream fuel and energy valuation

SUSTAINABILITY AT WIPRO
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Stakeholder Engagement
At Wipro, our stakeholders - employees, investors, customers,
suppliers, and communities - are central to our value creation journey.
We anchor our engagement in trust and stewardship, enabling us to
navigate complex social, environmental, and economic priorities while
delivering shared value. This approach strengthens our understanding
of stakeholder expectations and enhances decision-making efficiency.
Our strategy is closely aligned with delivering stakeholder value
across six capitals: Natural, Financial, Human, Social & Relationship,
Manufactured, and Intellectual.
Natural
Intellectual
Financial
Social & Relationship
Human
Manufactured
Capitals
Stakeholder Groups
N
F
H
S
Employees
Planet (and Human
Well-being)
Communities
Suppliers
Customers
Investors
Impact of stakeholders on the capitals

Impact of capitals on stakeholders

Customers
Modes and Frequency of Engagement
Strategic and operational reviews
Customer meets
Formal customer feedback and surveys
Topics of Engagement
Quality and timeliness of delivery
Impact on customers business goals

Complex and evolving client needs drive
continuous workforce upskilling and
capability building.

Client co innovation and solution
delivery contribute to industry IP and AI
capability development.

Delivery requirements influence security, location
and resilience of delivery infrastructure.

Customer expectations on sustainability drive
adoption of Green IT and low carbon solutions.

Expectations on cybersecurity, data privacy and
transparency shape trust based relationships.

Customer satisfaction directly impacts revenues,
margins and litigation exposure.

Skilled teams enable high quality, timely delivery
aligned to business goals. Quality of human capital
can impact CSAT.

Culture of intellectual development (R&D,
Patents, etc.) can provide innovative solutions
for customers.

Reliable global delivery centers ensure continuity
and scalability of services.

Low carbon delivery and sustainability solutions
support customers ESG objectives.

Strong governance and transparency enhance
long term customer confidence.

Financial stability enables sustained investments in
customer focused solutions.

Skills, engagement, wellbeing and attrition directly
shape workforce capability and productivity.

Employees drive creation of IP, AI use cases,
patents and innovation through R&D and the Wipro
Innovation Network.

Workforce practices influence utilization of offices,
smart campuses and digital workplaces.

Commuting, travel and employee behavior impact
emissions, energy and resource consumption.

Ethical conduct, Five Habits culture and
volunteering through Wipro Cares build trust with
communities and clients.

Employees are our primary source of revenue.

Investment in learning, well-being, inclusion and
leadership development enhances employability
and engagement. Employee surveys and employee
grievance mechanisms are ways to get feedback.

Exposure to AI platforms, innovation labs and
emerging technologies enables continuous skill
growth and reduces attrition.

Safe, inclusive, digitally enabled workplaces
support collaboration, well-being and productivity.

Climate friendly campuses and sustainability
initiatives support employee health and
increase awareness.

Inclusive culture and strong values strengthen
belonging and retention.

Employee costs - salaries, well-being, rewards
- are a significant component but its impacts on
profitability are more than offset by increases
in productivity.
Topics of Engagement
Continuous learning
Work-life balance
Compensation and benefits
Health and safety
Diversity
Modes and Frequency of Engagement
Blogs - daily
360-degree feedback - annually
Employees

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
SUSTAINABILITY AT WIPRO
Suppliers & Partners
Modes and Frequency of Engagement
Regular operational reviews
Supplier meets
Vendor surveys
Topics of Engagement
Ease of doing business with Wipro across the order-to-
payment life cycle
Ethical business conduct and social practices
Topics of Engagement
Primary healthcare for rural communities
Environmental issues that affect disadvantaged
Education for disadvantaged children
Long-term rehabilitation for disaster-affected areas
Modes and Frequency of Engagement
Periodic meetings with partners
Open meets with the community
Partner newsletters
Communities

Supplier labor practices and adherence to human
rights expectation is driven by TPRM and abiding
to SCOC.

Partner collaborations support co development of
tools, platforms and solutions.

Reliable sourcing ensures continuity of IT, facilities
and delivery infrastructure.

Supplier operations contribute to Scope 3
emissions and environmental footprint.

We build strong relationships with our suppliers
and partners. Adherence to Supplier Code of
Conduct shapes trust.

Strong supplier relationships ensure secure
sourcing of critical inputs to our operations
which are important for the stability of our
business continuity.

Capability driven engagement supports effective
collaboration and compliance.

Environmental standards and WISE engagement
guide supplier sustainability practices.

Fair procurement and long term partnerships
strengthen mutual trust. Suppliers can raise
grievances through Wipro s Ombuds program
ensuring fairness.

Our community work creates intangible knowledge
embedded in social sector practices. Also, some of
our funding is for innovation incubators.

Local environmental conditions affect water
availability and biodiversity outcomes.

Governance and transparency expectations
from external bodies as well as laws help shape
our policies and processes that, in turn, shape
relationship of trust. Building partnerships with
NGOs and grassroot organizations to contribute in
a deep, meaningful manner to a more equitable,
humane and sustainable society.

Wipro s CSR spend on social and community
initiatives is a P&L item.

Wipro employees engage actively by volunteering
with communities through Wipro Cares.

We provide upskilling through our Talent Next
program to enhance employability.

Climate friendly buildings reduce pressure on
shared resources. Additionally, we extend our good
practices to communities around our campuses.

Our boundaryless approach to Natural capital
extends to our communities, which benefit from
initiatives such as micro-watershed management,
groundwater management, etc. (ii) Sometimes
local community practices and ecosystems
influence infrastructure design e.g. better water
conservation by communities enhances availability
for companies.

Sustained CSR funding supports community
development programs.

Investors
Modes and Frequency of Engagement
Annual General Meeting
Annual Report
Topics of Engagement
Corporate governance
Financial performance
Labor and human rights
Attrition
Compliance
Topics of Engagement
Planetary Health: Climate change, water,
waste, biodiversity
Human Resilience: Health and well-being, climate literacy,
ecological restoration, inclusive infrastructure
Sustainability Education: Employee awareness programs,
education in schools and colleges, collaborations
with universities
Modes and Frequency of Engagement
Employee awareness programs
Supplier engagement
Planet and Human Well-being

Climate risks affect employee safety and wellbeing.

Innovations in Green technologies (Shifting from
Data centers to Cloud, energy efficient software,
AI-driven solutions)

Environmental constraints drive resilient
infrastructure design, such as initiatives around
energy, water, waste and IAQ.

Reducing our environmental and climate footprint
through various initiatives in water, waste and
GHG emissions reduced our dependency on
Natural Capital.

Environmental and planetary health are closely
correlated with the well-being of communities
and society.

Measuring our Natural Capital Valuation
to understand the financial impact on our
natural resources.

Employee awareness programs promote
sustainable behavior.

Stable environments protect infrastructure and
extent asset life.

Conservation and restoration initiatives
protect ecosystems.

Community collaboration drives collective
climate action.

Capex and Opex Investment in initiatives that help
reduce our impact on the planet.

Expectations on talent productivity and leadership
depth influence people strategy.

Venture investments and acquisitions can
strengthen and augment our IC.

ESG expectations influence climate targets and
disclosures. Potential payoffs from more favorable
terms in debt-instruments aligned with ESG targets.

Developing and maintaining trust and transparency
is a key cornerstone of our investor relations.

Investors influence capital availability, market
valuation and financial stability.

Strong human capital performance supports
sustainable returns and has a direct correlation with
shareholder and investor return.

Investments in leading edge technology - e.g., AI
- can help enhance profitability and deliver better
investor returns.

Efficient assets protect margins and returns.

Performance in the ESG disclosures related to
climate action drive investor confidence.

Investor frameworks - e.g. S&P DJSI - could
potentially help strengthen our governance
practices and our investor relationships.

Proven and direct correlation between company's
financial performance and investor returns.

Identify
Relevant ESG topics are identified
based on inputs from internal
stakeholders, peer reviews and
benchmarking, sector scans,
media reports, and material
topics outlined by frameworks
such as SASB, MSCI, EcoVadis,
S&P Global s CSA, BRSR,
GRI, and ISSB.
Collect
Data is collected from internal and
external stakeholders through
surveys, along with FGDs for
selecting stakeholders.
Analyze
Stakeholder responses are
analyzed, weights are determined
for stakeholder groups, themes
are categorized into sub-topics.
These are then synthesized into
a materiality matrix.
Design
A stakeholder engagement
methodology is developed,
including the identification of a
representative set of internal and
external stakeholders and the creation
of customized questionnaires to
capture their responses.

Materiality
Assessment
SUSTAINABILITY AT WIPRO
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Materiality Assessment
Strategic stakeholder engagement helps us identify and
prioritize the issues that matter most to our stakeholders.
This materiality assessment process enables us to focus
on topics most relevant to both our organization and the
stakeholders we engage with.
Grouped under Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG), these topics guide
the alignment of our goals and targets with organizational strategy. They also help
us manage risks, identify opportunities, and strengthen stakeholder trust.
Our Approach to Assessing Material Topics
Our approach to assessing material topics is structured to ensure a systematic
evaluation of ESG priorities. This approach follows a three-stage framework for
defining stakeholders, identifying issues, and prioritizing them. These are then
implemented through four key steps: Identify, Design, Collect, and Analyze.

Double Materiality Assessment
During the year, we conducted a comprehensive double
materiality assessment to identify ESG matters significant to
Wipro, considering their potential and actual Impacts, Risks, and
Opportunities (IROs). The assessment reflects both financial
and impact materiality, evaluating the influence of ESG factors
on financial performance and the Company s impact on the
environment and society.
Aligned with the European Sustainability Reporting Standards
(ESRS), this approach ensures consistency, transparency, and
comparability in sustainability disclosures, while supporting
informed decision-making and responsible business practices.
Outcomes of our last Materiality Exercise
Our previous materiality exercise was done in 2023. The first
step was to prioritize material topics through engagement
with internal and external stakeholders, enabling us to capture
their perspectives on a shortlisted set of ESG topics spanning
Environmental, Social, and Governance issues. In addition,
survey responses were interpreted within a broader context
by considering insights from secondary research and the
reflections captured during Focus Group Discussions (FGDs)
with Wipro s senior leadership.
An initial list of 50 material topics was considered in our
materiality exercise, derived from multiple ESG frameworks,
customer expectations and standards. This list was
subsequently refined to 25 topics and organized into eight main
themes. Stakeholder-specific questionnaires were developed,
and responses were sought from all stakeholders-employees,
customers, investors and suppliers. In total, approximately 530
stakeholder responses were recorded, along with two in-depth
FGDs with Wipro s leadership team.
The responses were mapped against business relevance
and stakeholder relevance. Topics positioned closer to the
45-degree line indicate an alignment between both views in
terms of relevance, importance and potential impact. These
insights were consolidated into eight broad themes, reflecting
issues that are intricately linked to the way we do business.
This materiality exercise led to the formulation of seven key
ESG goals as shown.
The difference in how we approach Double Materiality is in evaluating the impacts, risks and opportunities for each
material topic. Whereas in single materiality, we are only looking through the impact lens on how our organization impacts
environment and society, the double materiality lens also looks at the risks and opportunities from the environment and
climate on our business.
Our Approach for Double Materiality
Map and define the value chain
Identify key ESG matters
Assess potential impacts, risks, and opportunities
Conduct stakeholder engagement
Evaluate impact and financial materiality
Finalize material topics and reporting requirements
Environmental Stewardship across the Value Chain
Goal #1: Contribute effectively to actions across the value
chain on the climate change challenge
Goal #2: Responsible management of scarce
water resources
Social - Building a Future-ready Workplace and
Strengthening our Community Work
Goal #3: Build and promote a culture of inclusion by
nurturing diversity and shaping behaviors
Goal #4: Empower employees through continuous
learning opportunities
Goal #5: Prioritize employee health, well-being and safety
at all times
Goal #6: Contribute in a deep, meaningful manner to a
more equitable, humane and sustainable society
Governance - Aligning Purpose, Transparency and Trust
Goal #7: Maintain the highest standards of governance
based on the bedrock of Wipro values and ethical
business conduct

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
SUSTAINABILITY AT WIPRO
Materiality Linkages with Corporate Strategy
Ethical Governance and Transparency
Relevance to Wipro
Ethical rigor, integrity, and transparency are fundamental to how we
conduct business. We believe these principles are essential to building
lasting relationships with clients and suppliers, which in turn creates
long-term value. Wipro s corporate governance framework has evolved
over time, drawing on globally recognized principles and grounded in the
values of the Spirit of Wipro .
Material Topics
Corporate Governance and Business Ethics
Risk Management, including business continuity and
contingency planning
Stakeholder relationships and engagement
Transparency in disclosures
Progress in FY26
Placed in the Next Leader Category in the Indian Corporate Governance
assessment by IiAS.
Aligned reporting with global frameworks (ISSB, GRI, SASB, TCFD, BRSR)
Integrated enterprise risk management with ESG and climate
risk oversight
89% employees trained in the Code of Business Conduct (COBC)
Cybersecurity and Data Protection
Relevance to Wipro
Cybersecurity risk management is a core part of our enterprise risk
management program. We have established a layered cybersecurity
framework supported by policies, standards, and procedures enabling
threat detection, continuous monitoring, and incident response. We
apply rigorous data privacy controls to protect the Personal Identity
Information (PII) of employees, customers, and suppliers and provide
cybersecurity services that help customers build resilience through
advisory-led solutions that balance AI adoption with risk, security, and
governance considerations. All employees are required to complete
annual cybersecurity training, and detailed vendor risk assessments are
conducted to safeguard Wipro s data.
Material Topics
Compliance with Cybersecurity Regulations
Progress in FY26
Expanded coverage of ISO 27001 certification
Implemented Third Party Risk Management Framework for suppliers
90% of employees completed cybersecurity awareness training
Customer Centricity
Relevance to Wipro
Acquiring and retaining high-value customers is central to our business
strategy. Customer-centricity is central to us in many ways. We capture
the voice of the customer through multiple channels, including regular
reviews, CSAT, and Net Promoter Score (NPS), and continuously use this
feedback to strengthen our customer strategy.
Material Topics
Customer satisfaction and engagement
Progress in FY26
Maintained strong client relationships with 97.3% revenue from existing
customers (IT services)
Wipro NPS continues to be in the top quartile of the industry
Innovation and Emerging Technology
Relevance to Wipro
Innovation is essential to staying competitive in emerging areas. We
advance technology solutions through the Wipro Innovation Network,
where ideas are developed and tested. In addition, Wipro Ventures,
our $500 million venture capital arm, invests in early- and mid-stage
enterprise software startups aligned with our technology priorities.
Material Topics
R&D and innovation
Protecting intellectual property rights
Progress in FY26
Invested ₹4,499 million in R&D and leveraged Wipro Innovation Network
for technology development
Strengthened IP portfolio with 1,907+ patents and 344
registered trademarks, supported by robust cybersecurity and
IP protection frameworks

Future-ready Workforce
Relevance to Wipro
A skilled and motivated workforce is the backbone of the organization. We
build future-ready capabilities through continuous learning and upskilling
platforms such as wiLearn and WiAspire, with a focus on next-generation
technologies, including GenAI.
Material Topics
Talent attraction and retention through Learning and
Development (L&D)
Fair labor practices and human rights, including fair
compensation and remuneration
Inclusion and diversity
Progress in FY26
Trained 85,219 employees in advanced AI skills; 93,994 employees acquired
Master AI skills
The gender pay parity ratio is 0.98 (average female salary/average male salary)
Recognized for global DEI leadership and inclusion by World Economic Forum,
CII, Avtar & Seramount and other prestigious organizations. Please refer to our
Awards and Recognition on page 32.
Responsible Supply Chain
Relevance to Wipro
Building a supplier base grounded in ethics and sustainability strengthens supply chain resilience. Suppliers with strong governance practices are more
reliable and uphold higher quality standards, thereby reducing reputational risk.
Material Topics
Responsible supply chain management
Supplier diversity and resilience
Progress in FY26
Strengthened ESG-aligned procurement through Supplier Code of Conduct,
audits, and sustainability programs (WISE, TPRM)
Achieved 16.84% diverse supplier spend and 8.4% MSME spend, supported by
mentorship and risk management programs
Community Impact
Relevance to Wipro
Wipro s community engagement across education, healthcare, and ecology
serves two objectives: primarily addressing critical human well-being needs
and secondarily building long-term goodwill. We believe our license to
operate must extend beyond legal compliance and be earned through the
trust of the communities we engage with. Our deep community engagement,
therefore, strengthens our societal license to operate.
Material Topics
Social impact and community engagement
Progress in FY26
Impacted 5.9 million beneficiaries, including 2.89 million children, including
148,467 children with disabilities.
Strengthened healthcare access for ~1 million women and ~1.7 million children
Invested ₹2,274 million in CSR initiatives and partnered with ~188 organizations
to drive inclusive and equitable community development
Environmental Stewardship and Climate Action
Relevance to Wipro
Wipro has a global footprint, with around 21 owned and operationally
controlled offices and about 196 leased spaces. Reducing the environmental
impact of our operations and services is central to our sustainability
commitments. Our climate and environmental actions reflect our
responsibility to society while also delivering business value.
For example, investments in building energy efficiency offer strong financial
returns. In addition, addressing climate risk and ensuring business continuity
is becoming increasingly important as climate related weather event become
more frequent.
Material Topics
Climate action (mitigation) and GHG emissions
Environmental sustainability management Green data
centers and campuses
Climate risks and resilience (physical and transition)
Progress in FY26
Achieved 92% reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions and 94% renewable
energy usage
Achieved 98% waste diversion from landfill
Treated and reused water formed 34% of our total water consumption
Strong focus on energy-efficient infrastructure and green buildings, including
centralized monitoring of ~90% building space for energy and IAQ
S&P Global Sustainability ranking: #6 in IT sector globally

SUSTAINABILITY AT WIPRO
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
ESG Strategy and
Governance
We recognize sustainability as a shared responsibility embedded across
the organization. This commitment spans all levels, functions, and business
units, with multiple teams playing a critical role in driving outcomes.
Our Global Operations Team, Global People Function, Investor Relations
Team, Global Procurement Team, and Legal Team are central to anchoring,
shaping, and executing our ESG priorities. Oversight of sustainability
initiatives is exercised at the corporate level under the guidance of the
Chairman, the Board of Directors, and the Wipro Executive Board.
In addition, Board-level committees comprising Independent Directors
actively contribute to sustainability governance, providing strategic
direction, oversight, and accountability to ensure alignment with
long-term value creation and responsible business practices.
At Wipro, our ESG and Sustainability approach is
deeply rooted in our core values and guided by global
industry benchmarks, materiality assessments, and
continuous stakeholder engagement. Anchored in the
Spirit of Wipro, our governance framework integrates
ethical conduct and sustainable practices across
operations, enabling long-term value creation and
responsible growth.
Governance
The overarching responsibility for the Company's ESG charter rests with
the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). This includes Climate Change as a
key element. The Global Head of Sustainability and Social Initiatives
(the Chief Sustainability Officer) oversees the overall sustainability
charter. The Global Head reports to the Chief Human Resources Officer,
who is part of the Wipro Executive Board, the organization's senior-most
executive body, comprising a core group of corporate leaders.
ESG Governance at Board Level: Our Board s governance of sustainability
falls under the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (that also
serves as the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee) and is led by
an Independent Director. This apex body oversees Wipro's sustainability
policy and programs. Composed entirely of Independent Directors, the
Committee also reviews the Company's policies on Corporate Social
Responsibility, including public issues of significance to the Company and
its stakeholders.
At Wipro, all sustainability programs adhere to the organization s regular
planning and budgeting cycles. These programs are reviewed quarterly
at multiple levels, by the Board, the Group Executive Council and the
Chairman. The progress of ESG goals is monitored by the Board during
quarterly meetings.

Board Oversight
Sustainability Reporting Chain
Board of Directors
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
The overarching responsibility for the Company's ESG charter rests
with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO)
Global Head - Sustainability & Social Initiatives
(Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO))
Corporate Sustainability Team
Independent
Directors
Executive
Director
Founder Chairman
& Chairman
Stakeholder
Planning & Review
Execution
Internal Evangelizing
External Advocacy
Board of Directors

Executive Board

Business Leadership

Facilities Management Group

Infrastructure Creation Group

Ecoeye - Sustainability Office

Employee Chapters

Human Resources

Finance

Corporate Affairs, Brand & Communication

Risk Office

Legal and Compliance

Responsibility Matrix
All key organizational stakeholders have vested responsibilities related to planning, execution, evangelization, review, and
advocacy of the sustainability agenda of the Company. The roles and responsibilities are represented below:
Organization Structure
At Wipro, we operate multiple sustainability initiatives based on the principle of building a coalition or network of
partners, both internal and external. The Global Head of Sustainability oversees the operation of sustainability
programs and reporting. This includes the responsibility of formally reviewing and approving sustainability
disclosures and seeking assurance for reports.
Our ESG Governance Framework
Board Committees
Committees of the Board
Audit, Risk
& Compliance
Committee
Also oversees
risk management,
including evaluation
of climate and ESG
risks and their
strategic alignment.
Nomination
& Remuneration
Committee
Also serves as the
CSR and Sustainability
Committee,
providing oversight
and independent
scrutiny of related
activities. Led by an
Independent Director,
IT receives periodical
updates from the
Sustainability Team.
Administrative
& Stakeholders
Committee
Also oversees
relationships and
manages shareholder
and investor
grievance redressal.
Functional Working Groups
Facilities
Management
Environmental
compliance,
water,
energy, RE &
EV transition.
Human
Resources
Social aspects,
DEI policy,
training &
digital skilling
programs.
Risk
Management
Risk
identification &
Enterprise Risk
Management
System. Ensures
mitigation.
Procurement
Sustainable and
diverse supply
chains, supplier
screening
and compliance.
Roles and Responsibilities of our Stakeholders

VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
UN SDGs
We have always strived to enhance shareholder value for our
investors through regular, stable and consistent distribution of
returns. Effective from FY26, the capital allocation policy was
revised, under which the Company expects to return 70% or
more of the net income cumulatively over a three-year period
through a combination of dividends, special dividends and/
or share buybacks, subject to applicable laws, and requisite
approvals, if any.
Key Linkages
Strategy
Capitals
Risks
Enhancing shareholder
value through stable and
consistent returns.

Compliance

Performance
Financial
H
Human
Intellectual
Social & Relationship
Investor Returns
Natural
Shareholder Returns
Cash Dividends: The cash dividend paid
for the year ended March 31, 2025, was
₹6 per equity share. The cash dividend
paid during the year ended March 31,
2026, was an interim dividend of ₹11 per
equity share. The Board recommended
the adoption of the interim dividend of
₹11 per equity share as the final dividend
for the year ended March 31, 2026.
Issue of Bonus Equity Shares: Issue of
bonus shares in FY25 to shareholders
(including stock dividend to ADS holders)
in the ratio of 1:1 (1 equity share for
every 1 equity share held).
Buyback of Equity Shares: In the
recently concluded Board meeting on
April 16, 2026, the Board approved
a buyback proposal, subject to the
approval of our shareholders through
postal ballot, for purchase by the
Company of up to 600,000,000 equity
shares of ₹2 ($0.02) each (being 5.7%
of total paid-up equity share capital)
from the shareholders of the Company
on a proportionate basis by way of a
tender offer at a price of ₹250 ($2.71)
per equity share, for an aggregate
amount not exceeding ₹150,000 million
($1,599 million), in accordance with
the provisions contained in the SEBI
(Buy-back of Securities) Regulations,
2018 and the Companies Act, 2013
and rules made thereunder. Transaction
costs due on the buyback of equity
shares will be paid separately.

1 IT Services Operating Margin refers to the segment results total as reflected in IFRS financials.
2 Large Deal Bookings constitute deals greater than or equal to $30 million in total contract value terms.
3 Operating Cash Flow to Net Income is computed as operating cash flow divided by Net Income.
4 Payout Ratio has been computed by dividing the payout (comprising interim and final dividend declared for the respective financial year and buyback, if any,
considered based on the date of the Board s approval) to shareholders divided by Net Income on a trailing three-year basis.
Financial Performance
FY26
FY25
FY24
IT Services Revenue ($ mn)
IT Services Operating Margin1 (%)
Large Deal Bookings2 ($ mn)
10,512
10,478
10,805
Net Utilization (Excluding Trainees) (%)
Voluntary Attrition (excluding DOP) (%)
Operating Cash Flow to Net Income3 (%)
Earnings Per Share (H)
FY26
FY25
FY24
17.1
17.2
16.1
FY26
FY25
FY24
5,368
7,829
4,573
FY26
FY25
FY24
85.6
84.5
84.8
FY26
FY25
FY24
15.0
13.8
14.2
Number of $100 mn+ Customers
FY26
FY25
FY24
FY26
FY25
FY24
12.6
10.4
FY26
FY25
FY24
128.2
112.6
158.6
Payout Ratio4 (%)
FY26
FY25
FY24
61.5
87.8
54.5
Particulars
FY26
FY25
FY24
YoY Change
Favorable/Adverse
Revenue (in ₹ million)
928,093
890,916
897,943
4.2%
IT Services Operating Margin
17.2%
17.1%
16.1%
0.2%
Net Income Margin
14.2%
14.7%
12.3%
-0.5%
Earnings Per Share (in ₹)
12.60
12.56
10.44
0.3%
Price Earnings Ratio (times)1
14.89
20.88
22.98
-28.7%
Return on Net Worth2
15.4%
16.7%
14.5%
-1.3%
Current Ratio (times)3
2.05
2.72
2.58
-24.6%
Debtors Turnover (times)4
6.81
7.55
7.51
-9.7%
Free Cash Flow as % of Net Income5
101.4%
118.4%
152.7%
-17.0%
Debt-equity (times)
0.19
-3.0%
Interest Coverage Ratio (times)
0.38
10.24
10.84
1.3%
Favorable
Adverse
Key Ratios
Reasons for Significant Changes
1.
Price-Earnings Ratio is computed as the market share price
as on 31 March of the respective years divided by Earnings
Per Share (EPS). The share price decreased by 28.5%,
resulting in a decrease in the Price-Earnings ratio.
2.
Current Ratio is computed as current assets divided by
current liabilities. Current liabilities have risen on account of
the upcoming maturity of $750 million in unsecured notes
issued by Wipro IT Services LLC. These notes, mature on
June 23, 2026, and have therefore been reclassified from
long-term to short-term borrowings in the current period.
3.
Debtors Turnover Ratio is computed as turnover divided
by trade receivables. Trade receivables went up by 15.4%,
whereas turnover increased by 4%, resulting in a reduction in
the debtors turnover ratio.
4.
Return on Net Worth % is computed as Net Income divided
by Average Net Worth. IT declined as Net Income increased
by 0.4%, while Net Worth rose 6.9%.
5.
Free Cash Flow as % of net income is computed as operating
cash flow adjusted for cash inflows/outflows on account
of proceeds from the sale/purchase of property, plant and
equipment. The reduction in the free cash flow to Net Income
ratio is due to an increase in trade and unbilled receivables.
Note: Key Ratios are calculated as per Consolidated Financial Statements under IFRS.

VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Environmental Sustainability
UN SDGs
Key Linkages
Strategy
Capitals
Risks
Commitment to climate
action and a boundary-less
approach to addressing
environmental issues.

Physical risks from climate
change (drought, flooding,
urban heat)

Unethical practices by
Wipro s social sector partners
Financial
H
Human
Intellectual
Social and Relationship
Natural
Manufactured
We operate in a time when economic progress and
environmental stewardship must reinforce each other. For
decades, we have embedded environmental responsibility
in our values and extend IT across our operations. For more
than two decades, our commitment to sustainability has
moved beyond policy frameworks and standard operating
procedures into tangible action and measurable progress,
aligned with broader societal and community needs.

We have been early adopters of formal environmental
targets, backed by dedicated investments and resourcing.
Our climate commitments are aligned with the Science
Based Targets initiative (SBTi), grounded in the latest
climate science and the Paris 2050 Net Zero targets. These
targets aim to limit global warming to well below 2 C above
pre-industrial levels, while pursuing efforts to restrict IT to
1.5 C. This approach is operationalized through science-
based targets that are periodically strengthened in line with
evolving national and global climate ambition, including
countries Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs).
In FY26, we further intensified our efforts to reduce our
carbon footprint, improve resource efficiency, and deepen
environmental stewardship across the organization. Through
strategic investments in renewable energy, advanced
water and waste management systems, and collaborative
Energy
Powering the Digital Future, Responsibly
As an IT Services company, ensuring responsible energy use
across the facilities that support our digital transformation
work we do for clients is a foremost priority. Our energy
strategy focuses on improving efficiency while steadily
transitioning toward renewable sources. Through platforms
such as our Global Energy Command Centre (GECC),
we leverage data analytics to monitor and optimize
consumption in real time. We continue to invest in renewable
energy through multiple routes, including group captive
arrangements, to strengthen our renewable energy footprint.
Water
From Conservation to Restoration
In a water-stressed world, our responsibility extends beyond
our campuses into the communities we operate in. We treat
water as a shared community resource, driving efficiency
through extensive reuse supported by smart metering and
rigorous measurement. We continue to upgrade our water
and wastewater infrastructure, while also augmenting our
supply through rainwater harvesting and the procurement
of treated municipal water to reduce our dependency
on freshwater.
GHG Emissions
Decarbonizing our Digital Footprint
We remain committed to achieving Net Zero across our GHG
emissions by 2040. Having made significant progress on our
Scope 1 and Scope 2 targets, our focus extends beyond our
own operational boundaries. We recognize that our most
significant impact lies in our value chain, and our strategy
focuses on collaborative partnerships with our suppliers
backed by data intelligence to drive decarbonization
across the supplier ecosystem. Our flagship program,
Wipro Initiative for Supplier Engagement (WISE), seeks to
drive supply chain decarbonization by building supplier
capabilities and embedding sustainability awareness across
the value chain, while reimagining sustainable travel policies
for our global workforce and championing the transition to
electric mobility.
Waste
Designing for Circularity
Our integrated approach to waste management is rooted
in circularity, with a focus on reducing waste at source
and enabling reuse and recycling through structured
systems and a network of responsible partners. We have
also implemented targeted solutions for challenging
waste streams, including partnerships such as PadCare
to upcycle menstrual waste, the Billion Carbon initiative
at our Pune campus for organic waste management,
and collaborating with a third-party vendor for recycling
C&D waste. We explore options to enhance our waste
management and recycling initiatives to further reduce our
downstream footprint.
innovation, we are making an effort to reduce our
environmental footprint on this planet. While the numbers
we report on energy, emissions, water, and waste reflect
measurable progress, they represent only part of a larger
journey; IT's about understanding our integral role in the
larger world we all share.
Our environmental strategy is built upon five key pillars:
Optimizing energy usage
Minimizing GHG and air emissions
Water conservation and recycling
Waste reduction and circularity
Biodiversity preservation

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
FY26
FY26
FY25
FY25
FY24
FY24
FY23
FY23
The Sustainability Dashboard
Our commitment to environmental stewardship is guided by a comprehensive Environment Policy and robust Environmental Management System,
aligned with ISO 14001 standards. On a global scale, 89% of the sites (17 out of 19 sites) under Wipro s operational control have received ISO 14001
and ISO 45001 certification. Further details on our ISO certifications are available under ISO Certificates.
For more details on our environmental metrics, refer to ESG Dashboard FY26.
Scope 1 & 2 Emissions
Scope 3 Emissions
Emission Intensity by Revenue (Tons of CO2e/mn $)
Emission (Tons of CO2e)
Emission (Tons of CO2e)
15,724
170,928
1.5
16.3
2.9
17.9
3.6
15.9
6.1
24.4
31,462
188,224
38,928
172,188
68,760
271,793
FY26
FY26
FY25
FY25
FY24
FY24
FY23
FY23
Water
Waste Recycled (Excluding C&D)
Water Intensity by Occupancy (Lit/pax/day)
Waste Recycled
Percentage of Reused Water in the Total Water Consumed
Total Waste Generated (metric tons)
34%
5,726
31%
4,653
35%
3,673
37%
2,939
FY26
FY26
FY25
FY25
FY24
FY24
FY23
FY23*
Renewable Energy (%)
Energy Performance Index (Energy Intensity by Area)
88.3
80.6
Other Relevant Metrics
Total Floor Area (FAR) in m2
2,419,797
Total Revenue in $
10,478
Seat Count*
124,504
Occupancy
54,963
*India operational controlled sites.
98%
97%
94%
85%
*EPI for FY23 considered 50% effective area coverage.

Energy Management
Our energy management is guided by a comprehensive
Energy Policy that is reviewed and updated annually, clearly
defining its scope, approach, expected outcomes, and
intended impacts. Operational energy demand primarily
arises from air conditioning, lighting, and allied electrical
systems. Energy efficiency and conservation are central to
our strategy.
Efficiency is driven by architectural design and the adoption
of energy-efficient equipment and technologies, while
conservation is enabled through operational practices
such as conditioning only occupied areas of our buildings.
We continuously work to reduce energy intensity across
both our physical and digital infrastructure.
Program Highlights
Our approach is rooted in internationally recognized
standards and intelligent technology. Our Environmental
Management System (EMS) is guided by the ISO 14001
standard, a commitment extended to ISO 50001 certification
for energy management across 35% of our operational office
space. We ensure that all new campuses achieve IGBC
certification, while older campuses are retrofitted to improve
efficiency. As early adopters of Green Building Design, 31 of
our buildings are IGBC certified.
Our newest facilities in Bengaluru and Hyderabad are
designed to achieve an Energy Performance Index (EPI) of
below 80 units/sqm per annum. These campuses incorporate
energy-efficient systems such as rotary UPS systems,
which eliminate the environmental impact associated with
traditional battery manufacturing and disposal.
They are also designed with features such as an integrated
Underfloor Air Distribution (UFAD) system, terracotta
façades, and upgraded Chiller and Air Handling Units
(AHUs). The current EPI is 65 units/sqm.
We also conduct internal audits and assessments at
regular intervals to uphold best practices in environmental
management and health and safety across all our campuses.
At the core of our operational efficiency is the Global
Energy Command Centre (GECC). This platform enables
monitoring of energy use across 17.33 million sq ft of our
Indian campuses.
By using IoT and data analytics, we achieved cumulative
annual savings of 5.2 million units of electricity and
H41.8 million, supporting continuous system optimization.
The platform integrates Building Management System (BMS)
inputs to strengthen operational control and improve energy
efficiency. Any deviations are tracked and addressed through
in-house or OEM support, and key Annual Maintenance
Contracts (AMCs) are linked to energy efficiency and system
availability outcomes.
Key Metrics
Our Current Energy Mix: Total energy consumption under
our operational control amounted to 195 million kWh, as
compared to 209.4 million kWh in the previous year, of which
174 million kWh is renewable energy.
174. Renewable Energy
Grid Power
Backup Power (DG)
Our Current Energy Mix (mn kWh)
195 mn kWh
Total Power
100% RE by 2030
Target
Performance
Targets and Performance
94%
Of our electricity comes from renewable sources

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
GHG Emissions Management
Our approach is guided by our Net Zero roadmap,
established as one of the first seven companies
worldwide with targets approved by the Science-Based
Targets initiative (SBTi). We utilize the GHG Protocol
methodology to calculate and monitor our emissions.
With improved methods for measuring the Scope 3
baseline, we are also establishing robust processes to
mitigate these value chain emissions.
Energy Transition: Our energy transition journey started
in 2018. Currently, 94% of our purchased electricity is
sourced from renewable sources. Our CAPEX investment
into Group Captive has been primarily responsible for
advancing our share of renewable energy, supported by
open access Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) as well
as Virtual PPAs.
Energy Intensity: We track energy intensity based on
revenue, floor area and occupancy. Floor area is the
most relevant metric for energy intensity calculations
as IT provides a consistent and comparable basis for
normalizing energy use and as IT directly reflects the
scale of built space consuming energy.
Net Zero to be Achieved on Scope 1, Scope 2
and Scope 3 by 2040
Target
Performance
Energy Intensity by
FY26
FY25
FY24
FY23
FAR - Area (kWh/sqm)
80.6
88.3
Revenue (MWh/mn $)
18.6
19.9
18.8
16.9
Occupancy (kWh/pax/day)
9.8
12.1
23.5
26.7
Targets and Performance
70%
Reduction in total emissions across all Scopes targeted
from the set baseline
(Scope 1 and 2: 2017 baseline; Scope 3: 2020 baseline)
59% reduction to be achieved in Scope 1 and Scope
2 Emissions by 2030 from 2017 baseline
Target
Performance
92%
Reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 from 2017 baseline
55% reduction to be achieved in Scope 3 Emissions
by 2030 from 2020 baseline
Target
Performance
65%
Reduction of Scope 3 from 2020 baseline
Note: SBTi approved top 3 categories

Program Highlights
In FY26, our focused efforts on decarbonization led to
significant progress. Our primary reliance on renewable
energy and energy efficiency upgrades has yielded
measurable results.
Emissions (tons CO2e)
FY26
FY25
SCOPE 1
Fuel
2,453
2,882
Refrigerant
5,196
5,164
Total
7,649
8,046
SCOPE 2
Electricity
8,075
23,416
Scope 1 and 2 - Direct Operations and Purchased Energy
Scope 3 - Value Chain Emissions
Category
FY26
FY25
Purchased Goods and Services
29,770
32,866
Capital Goods
9,954
--*
Upstream Fuel and Energy
2,911
16,349
Waste Emissions
58**
Business Travel
29,420
30,315
Employee Commute
66,253
72,858
Work from Home Emissions
11,027
12,310**
Upstream Leased Assets
20,034
20,183
Downstream Leased Assets
1,528
3,285**
Total Emissions (tons CO2e)
170,928
188,224
*In FY25, Category 1 & 2 data were not bifurcated, and the entire emissions were
combined and included in Category 1.
**FY25 figures have been restated for accuracy.
GHG Emissions Intensity
Our systematic efforts to increase the share of renewable
energy in our overall energy mix have resulted in a significant
YoY decline in emission intensity across various metrics,
including occupancy, floor area and revenue. Emission
intensities have been depicted in the Sustainability
dashboard above.
For more details related to Environment-related KPIs, please
refer to Wipro s ESG Dashboard.
Scope 3 - Policies and Plans in Action
Scope 3 emissions represent 92% of our total GHG footprint.
We are continuously refining our measurement processes
and implementing tailored strategies for our four most
significant emission categories.
Employee Commute
GHG emissions pertaining to employee commute are the
largest contributor to our Scope 3, especially driven by the
fact of a visible increase in return-to-office numbers. We are
building systems and processes to encourage and enable
employees to switch to low-emission options for commuting.
One initiative to encourage the shift toward public
transportation is to work with the Bangalore Metropolitan
Transport Corporation (BMTC) and provide dedicated space
for BMTC buses to operate from our Kodathi office as a
starting point, enabling better access.
For private vehicles, electric mobility is gaining ground.
Our efforts toward the EV transition follow a two-
pronged approach:
Fleet Electrification: As a member of the EV100 initiative,
we are electrifying our leased vehicle fleet used to ferry
employees in 24/7 DOP services. We are committed to
transitioning our entire global fleet to EVs by 2035 (the
deadline has moved due to market challenges across
geographies). Our Kochi campus has already achieved
100% EV deployment. We are exploring investments
in charging infrastructure and incentives to promote
sustainable transport.
Collaborative Mobility: As we encourage employees to
transition to EVs, we are simultaneously evaluating our EV
infrastructure for increased adoption. One of our recent
awareness campaigns is in collaboration with the Bangalore
Municipality, called the Hejje-Gala Campaign , which
is a city-wide active mobility challenge that encourages
corporate organizations to promote walking and cycling as
primary commute modes. Through app-based tracking and
measuring walking and cycling distances, the campaign aims
to create awareness of climate change and encourage users
to adopt alternate modes of transport.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
Purchased Goods & Services
As our second largest source of Scope 3 emissions,
our supply chain presents a significant opportunity for
improving impacts. Our suppliers are diverse, ranging
from large multinational corporations to MSME-certified
businesses across hardware, software, services, and
logistics sectors.
We adopt a segmented, TPRM (Third Party Risk
Management)-aligned supplier engagement approach
based on supplier criticality, spend, and emissions
footprint to drive targeted risk management and
decarbonization outcomes. Our commitment to
sustainable procurement is reflected in our recognition
with the EPEAT award for seven consecutive years and
our achievement of a 5-star rating for the third time.
Additionally, our Wipro Initiative for Supplier Engagement
(WISE) program helps measure and set targets for
emissions reduction.
Business Travel
Business travel constitutes the third-largest category of
our Scope 3 emissions, accounting for approximately
17%. We have developed data and evidence-led granular
insights into our travel patterns, enabling us to take
targeted actions. Creating employee awareness is an
integral pillar of our policy, ensuring that our teams
understand the impact of their choices. We have also
baselined emissions across our top 25 delivery accounts
and are committed to driving year-on-year reductions,
working closely with these accounts to champion
voluntary low carbon travel choices.
Upstream Fuel & Energy
These emissions arise from the extraction, production,
and transportation of the fuels and energy we purchase
and are a direct result of our energy consumption. Our
most effective strategy to minimize these upstream
emissions is to reduce the demand at the source. By
accelerating our transition to renewable energy for
our direct operations (Scope 2), we create a positive
ripple effect, cutting emissions all the way up the value
chain, and have successfully achieved a 96% reduction
from baseline.
For details, refer to the Supplier Synergy section on page 98.
Water
Water Management
Our water management program is guided by our
Water Policy, reflecting our commitment to the
responsible use of water resources. Our strategy is
built on three pillars - Reduce, Reuse, and Recharge.
We have implemented robust systems across our
campuses to minimize freshwater intake, maximize
water recycling and reuse, and replenish groundwater
through rainwater harvesting with a target to achieve
and maintain Net Zero liquid discharge. Complementing
this is our programmatic commitment to deepening our
understanding of the systemic challenges of urban water
management in major Indian cities where we operate,
and supporting actionable projects in this area.
For more information, refer to the Advocacy section on page 83.
To reduce the absolute consumption of freshwater
YoY by 3% in all operationally controlled facilities.
Target
Performance
Targets and Performance
4.6%
Reduction in freshwater consumption
To continue to treat 100% of wastewater generated
as per safe standards
To increase the utilization of treated water to
constitute 45% of total water-use by 2030
Target
Performance
We treat all our water as per standards
34% of our total water use comes from
reused treated wastewater
Zero discharge of untreated wastewater
Target
Performance
Maintained ZLD in all our facilities, except one due
to STP renovation

Program Highlights
We recognize water as a finite and critical shared resource,
drawn from local groundwater aquifers, municipal supplies,
and private tankers. Our comprehensive water stewardship
program is designed to manage consumption responsibly
while also addressing the risks of water scarcity driven by
climate uncertainty and increasing operational needs. This
strategy is integral to our vision of creating shared value,
enhancing natural capital, strengthening our operational
resilience (Manufactured Capital), and promoting human
well-being.
We use a centralized digital system to track water data from
source to consumption across key areas such as cafeterias,
HVAC cooling systems, sanitation, and landscaping. This
is complemented by quarterly internal audits to assess
our water-related impacts and ensure the effectiveness of
our strategies. We have also enhanced metering across
all campuses to enable more granular data collection. All
consumption and discharge points are metered, and new
facilities are equipped with digital metering systems. In
addition, we conduct water audits across multiple facilities to
strengthen and improve our water management initiatives.
With increasing occupancy and climate uncertainties
impacting monsoons, we are consistently working to prevent
and mitigate water scarcity at our campuses and to reduce
our water footprint. Through partnerships with various
organizations, we are procuring treated water for use in our
facilities. Along with rainwater harvesting, this is expected to
reduce our freshwater consumption.
Key Metrics
Water Withdrawal and Discharge
Total Water Withdrawn
(kL)
Groundwater
13,519
Other Sources
(municipality, third-party purchase and rainwater)
1,247,704
Total Water Discharge*
37,452
Total Water Consumed
1,223,771
*Water is discharged from two locations. Due to STP renovation in one of
the campus (SJP-2), untreated water was discharged which was sent to local
municipality for treatment.
Our commitment to water stewardship is a continuous
journey. Our forward-looking plan includes:
Efficient Sewage Treatment: We maintain the highest
operational standards across our treatment plants. At the
SJP2 campus, two STPs with capacities of 250 kLD and
195 kLD were previously operational. However, one aging
plant was identified as less efficient last year. As a result,
we decided to commission a single upgraded STP with a
capacity of 515 kLD. The installation is currently in progress
and is expected to significantly improve both the volume
and quality of our treated water.
Promoting Treated Water Usage: In addition to reusing
the wastewater treated at our campus, we have partnered
with organizations such as the Bengaluru Water Supply and
Sewerage Board (BWSSB) to purchase 27,430 kL of treated
water. This has helped supplement freshwater consumption
and reduce our dependence on freshwater sources.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
Integrating Rainwater Harvesting: All our campuses
are equipped with rainwater harvesting systems that
store treated rainwater for reuse in facilities or support
groundwater recharge through recharge wells. At our
Chennai campus, the system contributes around
2% of our total water consumption. During FY26, we
commissioned a 17,000 kL rainwater harvesting pond
at Kodathi, which captures rainwater from 24 acres of
open and landscaped areas. With sufficient rainfall, the
on-site pond is expected to contribute up to 40% of the
campus s total water requirement. We plan to replicate
this model across other campuses, starting with
Gopanpally, Hyderabad.
Water Intensity: We track water intensity based
on Floor-Area and Revenue; however, we believe
Occupancy is the most relevant metric. Since
consumption in our facilities is primarily driven by the
number of people present, occupancy provides the
most accurate benchmark for our conservation efforts.
Water Intensity Based on
FY26
FY25
FY24
FY23
Occupancy (Lts/pax/day)
Revenue (kL/mn $)
Seat Count (Lts/pax/day)
Waste Management
The effectiveness of our program begins at the source.
We have implemented a detailed segregation process
across all our facilities, where waste is classified
into eight broad categories and 44 sub-categories.
This ensures that each waste stream is directed to the
most appropriate and highest-value processing method,
including recycling, composting, or repurposing.
Waste generated from our facilities is tracked and
monitored through a centralized digital platform.
We also conduct quarterly internal audits, inspections,
and consultations to document and review the
entire waste journey.
In addition, we ensure that all partners in our value
chain adhere to our quality and sustainability standards.
Our vendor selection process is robust and includes
assessment of compliance history, certifications,
and demonstrated commitment to sustainable
waste management.
Waste
Our integrated waste management strategy is built on
closed-loop circular systems that ensure accountability
and continuous improvement across all stages, from
generation to final disposal. Our goal is to minimize
waste generation and maximize resource recovery.

To compost 100% organic waste generating from
business operation
Target
Performance
Targets and Performance
100%
Of organic waste was composted
To recycle 98% of its waste (Excluding C&D)
Target
Performance
98%
Of waste was recycled through suitable treatment methods
To dispose of less than 2% of waste (Excluding C&D)
to landfills by 2030
Target
Performance
0.22%
Of waste going to landfill
Program Highlights
We actively discourage the use of single-use plastics across
our campuses, promote digital-first operations to reduce
paper consumption, and adopt energy-efficient technologies
to minimize waste from obsolete equipment. All our waste
management practices comply with the Solid Waste
Management Rules and CPCB guidelines, ensuring full
regulatory compliance and environmental responsibility.
Organic Waste
Generated primarily from cafeterias and garden waste, this
is our largest waste stream and is responsibly managed
through both on-site and off-site composting.
E-waste
Being critical to our IT operations, all e-waste is securely
managed and recycled through specialized, authorized
vendors. Prior to recycling, all assets undergo a mandatory
data sanitization and destruction process to ensure
information security.
Hazardous Waste
Managed in strict compliance with the Hazardous Waste
Management Rules 2016, this waste is treated and disposed
of safely through specialized, authorized vendors.
Inorganic, Packaging & Plastic Waste
Generated mainly from procurement and maintenance
activities (including paper, cardboard, and waste bins),
this waste is carefully segregated and sent to appropriate
recycling partners for repurposing.
Other Waste
This category, largely consisting of construction and
demolition debris and other wet and dry scrap, has been
significantly reduced YoY through conscious project planning
and execution. At our Chennai site (CDC-5), we are working
with a network of vendors to divert C&D waste from landfills
and repurpose IT for secondary applications such as road
sub-base, backfilling, etc.
Biomedical Waste
Although minimal due to the nature of our operations, any
biomedical waste is segregated at source in color-coded
bags and disposed of in compliance with healthcare
regulations through authorized vendor.
Key Metrics
(in tons)
Waste Category
Waste Generated
E-waste
Biomedical Waste
Hazardous Waste
Organic Waste
3,054
Inorganic Waste
Packaging Waste
Plastic Waste
Other Waste
3,760
Total
7,932

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
Biodiversity
At Wipro, we recognize biodiversity as integral to
ecological stability, climate resilience, and long term
human well being. With a significant presence in urban
environments, we acknowledge that our operations
both depend on and influence natural systems.
Our approach to campus biodiversity, therefore, goes
beyond aesthetic and reflects a commitment to protect,
restore, and coexist with local ecosystems.
Our urban biodiversity program is guided by two
primary objectives:
transforming our campuses into resilient biodiversity
zones, and
using these living systems as platforms for learning,
awareness, and advocacy.
These efforts contribute to groundwater conservation,
microclimate regulation, pollution mitigation, and deeper
employee engagement with nature.
Ecological stewardship is embedded in campus design
and management. Key interventions include native
and endemic plantations, creation of wetlands and
rainwater harvesting systems, and vermicomposting and
waste to manure processes. We continue to strengthen
campus ecosystems to enhance local ecological
functions and support species diversity.
Across our campuses in India, we have developed
campus level biodiversity zones tailored to local
ecological contexts, including butterfly and wetland
parks in Bengaluru, multispecies biodiversity
parks in Pune, and large scale restoration at
Gopanpally, Hyderabad.
Our campus Bioblitz initiative, launched in 2024, has
enabled employee-led biodiversity documentation
programs across six campuses. To date, 216 employees
and their family members have recorded over 1,170
observations across 400+ species using the iNaturalist
platform. At Gopanpally, nearly 1,500 native and
endemic saplings planted on previously degraded land
are already contributing to the restoration of urban
biodiversity and supporting a growing diversity of
urban wildlife, demonstrating the long-term impact of
place based ecological restoration.
Natural Capital Valuation
For over a decade now, Wipro has used Natural Capital
Valuation (NCV) to assess the positive and negative
impacts of its operations and value chain on natural
capital by assigning a monetary value to environmental
externalities. The assessment covers six key
environmental KPIs and is based on location-specific
social cost factors.
NCV insights help identify environmental risks and
hotspots, support informed decision-making, integrate
environmental considerations into strategy, and
strengthen nature- and climate-related disclosures.
Waste Disposal Methods*
Method of Disposal
Amount (in tons)
%
Incineration
1.61
Landfill
0.22
Recycle
5,443
98.08
Other Methods for
Recovery
0.09
*Excluding C&D
For more information, please refer to page 56.

Advocacy
As a long standing member of the GRI South Asia
Advisory Group, Wipro actively participates in key advisory
consultations. Wipro also holds a leadership position at
the CII Green Business Centre (CII GBC Greenco) forum,
chairing the Bangalore chapter. Additionally, we engage
with the Indian Business and Biodiversity Initiative (IBBI),
World Economic Forum (WEF), and Business for Nature (BfN),
contributing to collective action and policy dialogues that
advance responsible and sustainable business practices.
Wipro s Boundary-less Approach to a
Sustainable Society
Our efforts focus on delivering meaningful environmental
and social impact across our operations and communities.
We work in vulnerable communities and municipal
corporations across Bengaluru, Pune, Hyderabad,
Delhi-NCR and Mumbai on water body restoration
(lakes, ponds, open wells), groundwater conservation,
shallow aquifer management, wastewater management,
improved sanitation access, and climate adaptation to
water-related hazards such as flooding.
In FY26, we supported the construction of an
interception and diversion structure at Shikaripalya Lake,
which has fully stopped sewage inflow and increased
stormwater flow into the lake.
In the Gurugram and Vasai-Virar regions, community-
led water conservation initiatives supported the revival
and mapping of traditional open wells and Bavkhal
systems across villages. These efforts engaged over
10,000 people in freshwater conservation efforts and
strengthened local groundwater stewardship.
In FY26, solid waste management audits in Bengaluru
communities strengthened community-led waste
governance through improved waste segregation,
collection, and resource recovery practices, advancing
more decentralized waste management systems.
Our climate resilience initiatives in informal settlements
improved living conditions for underserved communities
by reducing indoor heat stress. A parallel youth
engagement program built a network of community
climate champions driving local environmental action.
In Kochi, these initiatives also strengthened women-led
participation in climate action, enabling women to play a
central role in building climate-resilient communities.
While we disclose most of the relevant ESG metrics in this
Annual Report, readers may refer to our Sustainability Report
for more detailed disclosures across Environmental, Social,
and Governance parameters.
Link: Sustainability Report

VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
At Wipro, we believe IT is critical to engage with the social
and ecological challenges facing humanity through
deep, meaningful, and long-term efforts.
Guided by the Spirit of Wipro , our social programs are rooted in unyielding
integrity, treating people everywhere fairly and with respect at the workplace
and in communities outside, and reflecting ecological sensitivity in thought
and action. Through Wipro Foundation and our broader CSR initiatives, we
work across education, healthcare, ecology, disaster response, and public
spaces to strengthen institutions, support communities, and enable more
inclusive societies. We collaborate with Civil Society Organizations, public
institutions, and local communities, recognizing that lasting change is built
through partnership, participation, and continuous engagement.
Community Initiatives
UN SDGs
Key Linkages
Strategy
Capitals
Risks
To engage with critical issues in
education, primary healthcare, and
urban ecology through a sustained,
programmatic focus on vulnerable
urban communities while
contributing to more inclusive,
equitable cities and public spaces.

Ineffective utilization of CSR
funds by Wipro s partners

Unethical practices by
Wipro s social sector partners
Financial
H
Human
Intellectual
Social & Relationship
Natural

Where we Work
Our social and community initiatives are, by design,
predominantly urban-centric and operate in the cities of our
operations. This work takes place through locally rooted Civil
Society Organization (CSO) partners, enabling contextual
responses while also contributing to national-level outcomes.
Employee participation through Wipro Cares is enabled
through 26 location chapters, supporting 160+ community
projects across multiple countries. Outside India, we support
STEM programs in the US and the UK.
What we Support
We pursue our community initiatives across multiple
domains, with a focus on strengthening institutions, enabling
access and inclusion, and supporting long-term social and
ecological well-being through sustained engagements
and partnerships.
Our Focus Areas
- Education and Digital Skilling
- Ecology
- Employee Participation
- Healthcare
- Cities and Public Spaces
- Disaster Response
Our Reach across Diverse Contexts and Pathways
~5.95 mn
People reached cumulatively since FY21
~188
Partner organizations supported in FY26
26. States and 4 UTs
Geographic footprint

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
Education
Wipro s education work focuses on helping children access quality education, supporting teachers,
and strengthening government schools so they work better over time. Our education work is spread
across 26 states and four (4) UTs.
Positive Outcomes for Children
(in mn)
FY26 Goal
2.9
FY26 Reach
2.8
Positive Outcomes for Children with
Disabilities (CwD)
FY27 Goal - 170,000
FY27 Goal - 3.1
Digital Skilling
Our digital skilling initiatives focus on employability, faculty capability, and institutional readiness for
future skills. Faculty development initiatives have reached 4,635 educators across engineering and
science colleges in India.
Students Covered by Digital Skilling
Baseline: FY17
FY27 Goal - 437,058
Employee Participation
Employee engagement through volunteering and giving is enabled through Wipro Cares, providing
employees a meaningful pathway to participate in Wipro Foundation s CSR initiatives. All monetary
contributions made by employees are matched by Wipro 1:1.
No. of Volunteers
FY27 Goal - 32,000
FY26 Goal
150,000
FY26 Reach
148,467
FY26 Goal
341,114
FY26 Reach
367,058
FY26 Goal
25,000
FY26 Reach
31,000+

Healthcare
Wipro Foundation s healthcare programs focus on strengthening primary healthcare systems to improve access,
continuity, and quality of care for vulnerable communities. The programs span primary healthcare, maternal and
child health, disability support, and preventive care, working closely with local health systems to reinforce access,
continuity, and quality of care. Anchored through 21 partner organizations across 22 projects spanning multiple
states, improving children s health outcomes remains a key focus area of this work.
Healthcare for Women in the
Reproductive Age (in mn)
FY27 Goal - 1.2
Healthcare and Nutrition Support
for Children (in mn)
FY27 Goal - 2.15
Healthcare for Children with Disabilities
FY27 Goal - 10,100
Disaster Response
Following the Wayanad landslides of 2024, relief and
recovery efforts reached over 4,255 people through
community work, with support delivered through local
partners to restore access to essential services and
livelihoods. As disasters often create prolonged disruptions
to income, health systems, and education, interventions
continued beyond immediate relief into FY26 to support
longer-term recovery and community stability.
Cities and Public Spaces
A key pillar of Wipro's societal initiatives (CSR) is the support
for Public Urban Spaces - public-spirited institutions that
provide an inclusive space for art, culture and intellectual
conversations rooted in our constitutional values. We believe
supporting such institutions is a critical part of contributing to
making our cities more vibrant and citizen-centric.
Ecology and Environment
Our programs in this domain strengthen urban ecological
systems, such as aquifers, waste systems, and climate
response, through sustained, locally grounded engagements
with communities and city-level institutions. Our ecology and
environment initiatives are implemented across 12 cities.
The work spans urban water and watershed systems, waste
management, informal sector livelihoods, climate adaptation,
biodiversity, and community ecology.
FY26 Goal
FY26 Reach
FY26 Goal
1.7
FY26 Reach
1.7
FY26 Goal
7,500
FY26 Reach
7,600

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
Strengthening Systems for Long-term
Social and Ecological Well-being
Wipro Foundation s work is guided by a systems perspective.
This approach recognizes that meaningful social change is
cumulative, relational, and anchored in strong institutions.
How Change Is Understood
We prioritize long-term engagements that work with
and strengthen existing systems, rather than creating
parallel mechanisms. This includes supporting civil society
organizations (CSOs) that collaborate with public institutions;
investing in organizational and leadership capacity; enabling
learning and adaptation over time; and recognizing that
outcomes may emerge unevenly across contexts.
The Partner Ecosystem: Breadth and Continuity
Wipro Foundation works through a diverse ecosystem
of partner organizations spanning grassroots nonprofits,
research institutions, public systems, and domain experts.
These partners are engaged as collaborators with deep
contextual knowledge and long-term presence. Partnerships
are typically multi-year, reflecting a shared commitment to
learning, adaptation, and continuity.
Mode of Implementation
Wipro s CSR work is institutionally led by Wipro
Foundation and implemented through multiple
channels, including select initiatives by Wipro Limited
and its functions and groups.
Wipro Foundation is the CSR entity of Wipro Limited
and the institutional owner of Wipro s CSR strategy,
partnerships, and long-term outcomes. Employee
participation in this work is enabled through the Wipro
Cares initiative.
Wipro s CSR initiatives include the domains of Education,
Ecology, Primary Healthcare, Disaster Response, and Cities
and Public Spaces. Learn more about our CSR policy, projects,
and impact assessment here.

Education: Strengthening Systems for
Inclusive Learning
Wipro Foundation s work in education is oriented toward
strengthening education systems, including schools,
educators, curricula, and supporting institutions, so that they
can respond to diverse learner needs over time. A significant
part of our work in education is with the government school
system and is undertaken in collaboration with CSO partners
and states education systems.
Since FY21, education initiatives have worked with
approximately 2.89 million children across 26 States and
four (4) Union Territories, including 148,467 Children with
Disabilities supported through inclusive education pathways.
The nature of our work includes:
supporting access to education for
underserved communities;
systemic education reforms and teacher development;
sustainability education and advocacy;
and fellowships and scholarships that strengthen
sector capacity.
Education partnerships in FY26 reflected an ecosystem
approach, spanning early-stage organizations to mature
institutions. Capacity building remained central to this work,
reaching 1,700+ participants through courses, mentorship,
and peer-learning platforms.
Engagement with public systems has continued through
initiatives such as the Urban Government Schools Initiative,
a collaborative effort with the Government of Karnataka and
the Azim Premji Foundation to develop model government
schools. The initiative now spans 21 schools and 181
anganwadis in Bengaluru, with anganwadi engagements
building on learnings from the Urban Schools Initiative.
The Urban Schools Initiative has contributed to
improvements in enrollment, with attendance reaching up
to 92% in some schools, and stronger teacher engagement.
Importantly, the work has also informed wider government
action, with the model being taken up for replication across
multiple Bengaluru public schools.
Our digital skilling initiatives have engaged over 367,058
learners from FY17 to FY26. These efforts have also trained
4,635 professors and engaged 742 engineering and
science institutions, along with 90 academic leaders. Our
capacity-building efforts in this space focus on strengthening
employability, faculty capability, and institutional readiness.
Education for children with disabilities remains a strong
ongoing focus. Our partners work toward strengthening
inclusive pedagogy, assistive approaches, and system
responsiveness, recognizing that equitable education
requires deliberate design and sustained engagement.
367,058
Learners engaged through
digital skilling initiatives
(FY17-FY26)
4,635
Professors trained through
digital skilling initiatives
Anganwadis covered under
the Urban Government
Schools Initiative

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
1,300+
Institutions
participated
Presence across 60 districts
in 24 states and 3 Union
Territories
Fellows engaged
Supported
1,500+ educators
through Wipro s STEM program
Improved learning experiences for
800,000+ students
Wipro Earthian: Integrating Sustainability into
Education
For over 15 years, Wipro earthian has worked at the
intersection of education and ecology. The program s
objective is to make sustainability integral to how
young people learn and think. In FY26, Wipro earthian
anchored sustainability in school education through
inquiry-led learning. The program received over 2,000
submissions from schools across the country. Projects
reflected locally grounded engagements with water,
biodiversity, and waste, combining field-based inquiry
with critical reflection.
Wipro earthian also expanded into higher education
through the Ideas to Impact initiative, implemented
in collaboration with IIT Madras. IT supports college
students in developing and validating eco-innovative
ideas into viable prototypes, with participation from over
1,300 institutions and 2,700+ entries since inception.
Wipro earthian s cumulative reach now spans over
51,000 schools, 210,000 students, and 41,000 teachers
across India.
Wipro STEM Program, the USA and the UK
In FY26, the Wipro Science Education Fellowship
(SEF) in the United States continued its work across
35 school districts in seven states, supporting
improvements in STEM teaching practices.
Wipro s STEM program builds long-term partnerships
with universities and school systems in the US and
the UK, focusing on professional development, peer
learning, and equity. IT has supported over 1,500
educators and improved learning experiences for
more than 800,000 students.
210,000+
Students reached
cumulatively
Wipro Education Fellowship Program
Ten Years of Investing in People and Their
Capacities
Launched in 2015, the fellowship focuses on building
institutional capability and leadership to enable
sustainable, system-level change. Since its inception,
the program has engaged with 156 fellows and
supported the seeding of 85 early-stage organizations
across 60 districts in 24 states and three (3) Union
Territories. The fellowship has supported 11 cohorts,
covering 11 thematic areas, including foundational
learning, early childhood education, inclusion, teacher
support, and community engagement.

~1 mn
Women in the reproductive age group reached (along
with infants, children, and children with disabilities)
2,000+
Pregnant women supported in Kolkata
Wipro Healthcare Partners Forum
The 5th edition of the Wipro Healthcare Partners'
Forum was held during February 16-18, 2026, at Azim
Premji University, Bengaluru. Partner organizations,
healthcare practitioners, and public health experts
came together to reflect on persistent challenges in
primary healthcare and share practice-led insights
from diverse field contexts.
Healthcare: Working with Community-
anchored Public Health Systems
Wipro Foundation s healthcare work is grounded in the
understanding that health outcomes are shaped by the
strength of public health systems, community capacity, and
trust in frontline services. IT approaches healthcare as an
interconnected system, addressing prevention, care delivery,
and institutional capacity together.
This is reflected across contexts. In Mumbai, frontline
workers have worked with communities to support the
recovery of malnourished children through home visits
and follow-ups. In Kolkata, a digital addressing system has
helped track over 2,000 pregnant women. And in eastern
Nagaland, community engagement has improved the uptake
of antenatal care and engagement across nutrition and non-
communicable diseases (NCDs).
These engagements illustrate how consistent community
involvement contributes to more responsive primary
healthcare systems. Cumulatively, these efforts have
reached around 1 million women in the reproductive
age group, along with infants, children, and children with
disabilities, through partnerships with 21 healthcare
organizations across multiple states, spanning maternal and
child health, nutrition, mental health, NCDs, and frontline
workers' capacity building.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
Urban Ecology and Institutional
Spaces: Protecting the Commons
and Supporting Communities
Wipro Foundation s work on urban ecology and
institutional spaces addresses ecological challenges.
Our work spans urban water systems and watershed
management; solid waste management and
livelihoods in the informal waste sector; climate
adaptation and community ecology; and biodiversity
and regenerative practices such as agroforestry.
Through the Urban Waters Initiative, projects such as
the Bavkhal revival in Vasai and open-well restoration
in Gurugram are deepening our understanding
of shallow aquifers while demonstrating
on-ground approaches to resource protection.
These efforts also inform policy and strengthen
citizen engagement.
Across 12 cities, the program supports community-
led responses to climate challenges. In Kochi,
partners work on community-led climate adaptation,
circular economy, and disaster preparedness.
In Vyasarpadi, Chennai, local youth groups are
restoring hydrological knowledge and strengthening
flood response systems. In Chennai and Mysuru,
low-cost, climate-responsive cooling solutions are
being developed for informal settlements. These
efforts illustrate how ecological well-being is built
through sustained, locally grounded engagements.
Cities and Public Spaces: Culture as
Public Infrastructure
Public and cultural institutions supported by Wipro
Foundation, such as MAP (The Museum of Art &
Photography), BIC (Bangalore International Center),
and PIC (Pune International Center), continue
to function as critical civic spaces that enable
dialogue, inclusion, and democratic engagement.
Our engagements during the year reflected a
strong emphasis on inclusion and access.
At MAP, outreach programs reached 5,000+ students
and enabled participation from marginalized groups and
Persons with Disabilities through accessible formats and
inclusive programming. In parallel, institutions like the Pune
International Centre (PIC) enabled open, evidence-based
public conversations on national priorities. As part of
this, an annual lecture series on Science, Technology
and Society is convened with eminent speakers through
Wipro s partnership with PIC. The series examines the
multidimensional relationship between technology
and society.
Disaster Response: From Relief to
Recovery
Wipro Foundation s disaster response work extends beyond
immediate relief. IT supports recovery by working with
communities and focuses on rebuilding livelihoods. IT also
strengthens community capabilities and enables people to
return to stable, dignified lives.
Following the Wayanad landslides in 2024 in Kerala, this
approach shaped efforts across FY26, evolving from relief
5,000+ students
Reached through MAP outreach programs
4,255+ people
Reached through recovery interventions after
the Wayanad landslide

to longer-term recovery. Interventions included support for
small businesses, access to medical care, and continuity in
children s education, reaching over 4,255 people.
Beyond India, employee-led initiatives complement this
work. In the Philippines, volunteers supported post-disaster
efforts through sorting, packing, and distributing essential
supplies, strengthening local response capacity and
enabling timely assistance.
Employee Volunteering as a Pathway to
Responsible Citizenship
Employee participation in CSR initiatives is enabled through
Wipro Cares, which functions as the employee engagement
pathway within Wipro Foundation s CSR portfolio. Activities
include blood donation, assistive device distribution,
waste clean-ups, tree planting, and access to solar lighting.
Employees also contribute through mentoring and preparing
essential kits for women and children, strengthening local
community support systems.
In FY26, 42,000 employees contributed through Wipro
Cares, with all donations matched 1:1 by Wipro.
Emerging Learnings from Long-term
Engagement
Across domains, several common learnings are emerging
from Wipro Foundation s long-term engagement with
communities and partners.
Systemic Change is Cumulative and Institutional
Structural challenges require patient engagement rather
than short project cycles. Durable outcomes are closely
linked to the strength of local institutions.
Capacity Building Multiplies Effects and Outcomes
Investing in organizational and leadership capacity
enables partners to influence systems beyond
immediate interventions.
Trust Enables Scale
Long-standing relationships allow experimentation, learning,
and adaptation.
600+
Volunteering events across 20+ countries
60,000+
People reached
35,000 hours
Dedicated to volunteering
3,575
Employees outside India participated in
volunteering activities
Volunteering events were conducted, contributing
to ~10,000 volunteering hours
Employee Participation Overseas
Employee volunteering across the Americas, Europe, and
APMEA (Asia Pacific, Middle East, and Africa) is undertaken
through locally anchored, employee-led initiatives. The
program is organized around four thematic priorities: Digital,
Inclusion, Environment, and Wipro Next Door. In FY26,
3,575 employees outside India contributed close to 10,000
volunteering hours across 138 events, reflecting steady
growth in participation and geographic reach.

Customer Stewardship
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
UN SDGs
Key Linkages
Strategy
Capitals
Risks
AI, Cloud, Consulting, Sustainability,
Innovation Ecosystem (WIN),
Responsible AI

Technology & Innovation Risk

Talent & Culture Risk

Strategy & Market Risk

Business Resiliency Risk

ABAC Risk

AI & Data Governance Risk
Intellectual
Human
Social & Relationship
As enterprises accelerate digital transformation in an
increasingly complex and technology-driven landscape,
the focus is shifting from standalone solutions to
integrated, outcome-based transformation. Wipro
addresses this shift by delivering end-to-end capabilities
that combine strategy, execution, and continuous value
realization across client engagements. Leveraging deep
domain expertise and a consulting-led, AI-powered
operating model, we help clients navigate complexity,
improve operational resilience, and drive sustainable
H

Our approach is guided by the core principles of innovation,
collaboration, sustainability and customer-centricity,
ensuring that value creation remains consistent and aligned
with evolving stakeholder expectations. In doing so, we
operate across four Strategic Market Units and deliver our
capabilities through four Global Business Lines spanning
Consulting, Technology Services, Business Process Services,
and Engineering.
Consulting
Partners with clients to support the imagination, design, and
realization of their future.
Technology Services
Aims to deliver cutting-edge cloud-enabled and industry-
specific technology solutions to our clients.
Business Process Services
Support global organizations in operating, transforming, and
continuously improving core enterprise functions.
Engineering
Aims to empower clients to innovate at scale, build
differentiated products and platforms, and deliver value
across the full product and platform lifecycle through our
consulting-led and AI-powered engineering approach.
Sustainability, Climate Change
and Technology
Wipro s Sustainability Practice provides an end-to-
end technology and sustainability ecosystem, helping
enterprises embed and scale sustainability across their
technology and digital transformation. Our work spans
strategy and consulting, apps and data, engineering and
R&D, infrastructure services, and monitoring and operations,
underpinned by enterprise sustainability.
Sustainability has shifted from periodic reporting to always-
on performance management, with increasing emphasis on
data traceability, auditability, and finance-grade disclosures,
alongside growing regulatory pressure (e.g., CSRD,
SEC, ISSB, ESRS) and accelerating AI-enabled reporting
and monitoring.
Our Integrated Sustainability Services Practice
Focuses on Helping Customers Transform Digitally
and Sustainably
Leveraging our sustained leadership and commitment to
being a sustainability leader, we are focused on helping our
customers transform digitally and sustainably to become
market leaders and global changemakers. A few selected
examples of engagements this year include:
Sustainability Strategy and Roadmap
Assess and manage sustainability risks/opportunities, and
define governance, strategy, goals/targets, and roadmap
(including Impact Health Check, Climate Transition Action
Planning, Impact Innovation Lab, Impact Management Office).
Impact Intelligence
Digitize and account for sustainability footprint using
industry-standard metrics, and build sustainability data and
reporting ecosystems to support regulatory disclosure,
transparency, and value realization (including platform
selection, regulatory reporting such as CSRD, impact
accounting and management ecosystem, and analytics).
Sustainable Technology
Digitize systems across the technology stack with
considered design/services to reduce footprint and costs,
including assessment, strategy, roadmap and intelligence,
Sustainable IT and DevOps, sustainable infrastructure, and
asset lifecycle management.
Environmental Health & Safety (EH&S)
We have significant market recognition in EH&S across the
globe and are leading programs at many large multinational
companies with partners such as Enablon, Sphera, SAP,
EarthSoft, and Cority.
Lifecycle Assessment and PLM integration
We are working with customers to understand the carbon
impact of specific products across their lifecycle.
Sustainability AI Solutions
Our AI Factory is a comprehensive framework that enables
cost-effective scaling of AI deployment across the full
lifecycle, including data ingestion, vectorization, model.

Responsible Delivery
We recognize that helping customers reduce their
impact on natural and social capital goes beyond
how we design and deliver services. We support
customers in lowering their Scope emissions through
solutions such as the Responsible Delivery Impact
calculator, which measures the footprint of our
services. We have also committed to strengthening
customer stewardship by 2030 by reducing the
delivery footprint of our top 25 accounts by 50%
across Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG
emissions. Customer demand for emissions-related
data associated with our services is increasing, with
RFIs and RFPs increasingly seeking information
on our carbon reduction efforts and broader
sustainability plans.
Industry Recognition and Collaboration
Our sustainability consulting practice leadership
is recognized globally and comprises renowned
analysts and advisors. We actively participate in
the World Economic Forum in Davos, where Wipro
is also a member of the Alliance of CEO Climate
Leaders. In the UK, Wipro is a member of the
Government Digital Sustainability Alliance (GDSA),
where members collaborate to develop ideas and
solutions to navigate digital sustainability challenges.
Wipro also actively participates in forums such as
Business for Nature, the World Economic Forum,
the Confederation of Indian Industries and other
advocacy forums. Participation in these forums
enhances visibility, expands networks, and increases
exposure to innovative solutions.
Organizational Systems and
Processes to Deliver Value
Customer Centricity
Wipro s IT Services segment delivers a broad
portfolio of IT and IT-enabled services supported
by a Client Value Framework across metal
accounts to drive outcomes beyond contractual
commitments. Customer feedback is captured
through ACSAT (CXO-level) and PCSAT (mid-level)
surveys, supported by ongoing GAE engagement,
with satisfaction tracked through CSAT and NPS.
In FY26, we remained in the top quartile of the
industry for both metrics, reflecting strong delivery
and execution.
Customer feedback is translated into action
through a structured Customer Centricity and
escalation management framework, ensuring
timely acknowledgement of concerns, regular progress
updates, and closure with customer validation. Governance
is strengthened through adherence to ISO 9001:2015
and CMMI standards, supported by periodic audits and
continuous monitoring. These practices enable consistent
service quality, reinforce accountability, and drive
continuous improvement in customer experience and
relationship management.
Employee Skilling
We focus on building future-ready talent with deep domain,
consulting, design, and technology expertise, supported by
digital learning platforms that enable anytime, anywhere
upskilling and reskilling. In FY26, AI capability building has
been institutionalized through an AI-first approach, with
212,663 employees covered through AI-ready workforce
initiatives and 93,994 associates completing Master
AI certification, thereby strengthening delivery capabilities
and client value creation.
Cross-functional collaboration further embeds privacy and
responsible practices across operations, with dedicated
professionals driving integration into business processes.
Innovation through Wipro Intelligence
Wipro Intelligence is our unified suite of AI-powered
platforms, solutions, and transformative offerings that
focus on delivering proof over promise, empowering
enterprises to run, build, and reimagine with AI for
sustained competitive advantage.
Our AI initiatives are supported by Wipro Innovation
Network - our global ecosystem of labs, partners, start-ups,
academia, and deep-tech talent to identify, incubate and
co-create high-impact, high-priority use cases.
For further details on Wipro Intelligence offerings, including
Run AI, Build AI and Reimagine AI, please refer to the
Management Discussion and Analysis section on page 40.
Responsible Technology Governance
At Wipro, responsible technology governance is enabled
through a robust framework that integrates data privacy and
AI governance practices across operations in more than 65
countries. The approach combines centralized oversight
with cross-functional accountability to support consistent
implementation of risk-based controls aligned with evolving
regulatory requirements, while embedding transparency,
security, and human-centric principles across the technology
lifecycle. Structured use-case risk assessments, continuous
monitoring, and quality assurance mechanisms strengthen
oversight, while enterprise-wide capability building, and
investments in privacy-enhancing technologies reinforce
compliance, operational resilience, and stakeholder trust.
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS

Data Privacy
Wipro maintains a comprehensive data privacy and AI
governance program across more than 65 countries,
integrating centralized oversight with decentralized
accountability to ensure consistent and compliant
implementation. The framework is supported by structured
policies, governance mechanisms, and enabling tools
that strengthen risk oversight, while alignment with global
standards such as ISO/IEC 27701 and ISO/IEC 27018
reinforces its credibility. A systematic, risk-based approach
guides the identification, assessment, and management of
privacy risks across operations.
We continue to build organizational capability through
training and awareness initiatives, covering over 230,000
employees annually. Strong internal controls support
secure personal data, complemented by incident
management processes for timely response, recovery,
and transparent reporting.
A structured AI governance framework, including risk-
based classification and a three-line defense model,
ensures responsible deployment of emerging technologies,
while the integration of Generative AI with privacy
frameworks enhances adaptive risk management and
accountable innovation.
In addition, privacy is embedded into business processes
through a privacy by design and by default approach,
ensuring data protection is integrated from the outset.
Practices such as Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs),
enterprise-wide data mapping, and third-party due diligence
support proactive risk mitigation, effective monitoring,
controlled data flows, and regulatory compliance across the
value chain. We also maintain transparency in our practices
by reporting government and law enforcement requests for
customer data. No such requests were recorded during the
reporting period, reinforcing trust and accountability.
Cybersecurity and Intellectual Capital Protection
To safeguard our intellectual capital, including innovations
and customer solutions, we implement robust cybersecurity
systems and processes. Our multi-layered security
framework includes advanced encryption, real-time threat
detection, and continuous monitoring to protect sensitive
data. We employ industry best practices and frameworks
such as ISO and NIST to ensure comprehensive risk
management. Regular vulnerability assessments and
penetration testing are conducted to identify and mitigate
potential threats. Additionally, our cybersecurity team
collaborates with cross-functional units to ensure that
all technology solutions and third-party services adhere
to stringent security standards, thereby securing our
intellectual property against evolving cyber threats.
Responsible AI
Wipro has established a comprehensive AI governance
framework to ensure responsible, ethical, and compliant
development and deployment of AI systems. Governance is
strengthened through a three-line defense model, including
a Responsible AI Taskforce and independent oversight,
ensuring accountability and effective risk management
across the AI lifecycle.
The approach emphasizes privacy-preserving technologies,
bias mitigation, and alignment with evolving global
regulations, while embedding sustainability considerations
into AI deployment. Continuous enhancement of governance
practices and risk controls enables the delivery of secure,
reliable, and human-centric AI solutions that support
stakeholder trust and long-term value creation.
Wipro s Responsible AI framework is further anchored
in four key dimensions - individual, societal, technical,
and environmental - guiding the ethical, secure, and
sustainable use of AI.
This integrated approach reflects the organization s
commitment to aligning innovation with regulatory
expectations, societal impact, and environmental
responsibility. Our Responsible AI Policy outlines the usage,
deployment and development of AI tools and technology.
Ethical Governance and Transparency
Ethical governance at Wipro is anchored in the Spirit
of Wipro, which emphasizes integrity, fairness, and
accountability as core principles guiding business conduct.
These values are operationalized through a comprehensive
Code of Business Conduct, supported by structured policies,
ethical guidelines, and compliance frameworks applicable
across employees, leadership, and extended partners.
The framework promotes responsible decision-making,
adherence to legal requirements, and consistent ethical
behavior across global operations.
The governance structure is supported by strong Board
oversight, clear roles and responsibilities, and robust internal
controls and audits. Disclosure policies, risk management
systems, and transparent reporting strengthen accountability
and stakeholder confidence.

VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Supplier Synergies
Executive Overview
Supply chains are central to business operations and value
creation, while also being a major source of ESG risks and
opportunities. Increasing regulatory scrutiny, stakeholder
expectations, and exposure to disruptions - driven by climate
change, geopolitics, human rights issues, and evolving
mandates - intensify these challenges. As a significant
share of an organization s environmental and social impact
originates in its supply chain, integrating ESG into supplier
risk management is essential for informed decision-making,
long-term performance, resilience, and reputation.
At Wipro, we view our suppliers as strategic partners in both
our business journey and our transition toward a Net Zero
future, recognizing that sustainability performance is closely
interconnected with the maturity of our supply chain.
UN SDGs
Key Linkages
Strategy
Capitals
Risks

Partnering to
enhance compliance

Human rights

Diversity and sustainability

Human rights

Compliance
Financial
H
Human
Social & Relationship
Natural

Governance Architecture
Three-layered Framework
Governance of procurement activities at Wipro
operates through a distributed model spanning multiple
functions, with Global Procurement, Facilities, and
Financial Shared Services providing primary oversight.
The Global Procurement organization is accountable
for sourcing high-quality products and services aligned
with organizational objectives, ethical standards, and
compliance requirements, with specialized buyer groups
managing distinct procurement categories.
Strategic collaboration between the Procurement function
and the Enterprise Risk Management team enables the
systematic identification, assessment, and proactive
management of supply chain risks, ensuring alignment
between procurement operations, risk oversight, and
enterprise governance priorities.
The governance architecture comprises three integrated
layers designed to ensure strategic oversight, enterprise-
wide consistency, and effective execution across the
supplier ecosystem.
At the strategic layer, Board and Executive leadership
provide direction, policy, oversight, and accountability
for supply chain ESG priorities, including climate action,
human rights commitments, and ethical sourcing standards.
The enterprise layer centers on the TPRM framework, which
serves as the central governance backbone, integrating
ESG risk assessment, policies, and controls into supplier
due diligence, risk categorization, approval workflows,
and monitoring processes under the oversight of a
cross-functional TPRM Steering Committee.
At the execution layer, we employ an integrated yet
maturity-based supplier engagement approach based on
supplier size, risk profile, and ESG maturity, with large and
higher-risk suppliers subject to deeper ESG profiling and
enhanced engagement expectations.
Governance Layer
Key Responsibilities
Focus Areas
Strategic Layer
Board and Executive
Leadership
Supply chain ESG priorities, climate action, human
rights and ethical sourcing.
Enterprise Layer
TPRM Framework
(Cross-functional Steering
Committee)
ESG risk assessment integration, policies and
controls, supplier due diligence, risk categorization,
approval workflows, and monitoring processes.
Execution Layer
Maturity-based Supplier
Engagement
Risk-based engagement, enhanced engagement
expectations based on supplier size, risk profile,
and ESG maturity.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
Wipro s ESG in Supply Chain Governance
Strategic Oversight
Enterprise
Policies and Standards Applicable to All Suppliers
Execution

Supplier Code
of Conduct
(External)
Sustainable
Procurement Policy
(External)
Global
Procurement Policy
(Internal)
ESG in
Contractual
Clauses
Compliance
in Vendor
Onboarding

Chief Procurement Officer
and Global Head of Sustainability
Board/Executive
Oversight
TPRM Steering Committee
Third-party Risk Management (TPRM)
ESG Risk Assessment and Policies

Large Suppliers
ESG Risk Profiling Sustainability
Assessments Contribution to
Wipro s Decarbonization
MSME Suppliers - WISE Program
ESG Capability Building
Strengthening Supplier Maturity
Simplified ESG Data Collection

Strategic Layer: Foundational Governance
Board Oversight and Accountability
Wipro s supply chain ESG governance is overseen at the
Board level, ensuring strategic focus and accountability.
The Board receives quarterly updates on Supplier Code of
Conduct signoff rates, helping monitor supplier compliance
with key ethical, labor, and sustainability standards and
address gaps where needed.
The cross-functional TPRM Steering Committee provides
enterprise-wide oversight of third-party risks, including ESG
assessment and mitigation. This oversight also supports
Wipro s climate commitments by engaging suppliers on
emissions reduction in line with its Net Zero pathway.
Board oversight reflects Wipro s recognition that supplier
performance is material to risk, compliance, stakeholder
expectations, and long-term value creation. This governance
model aligns supply chain operations with corporate
strategy and supports continuous improvement across the
supplier portfolio.
Policy Framework
Wipro's supply chain governance policies and frameworks
that establish standards, expectations, and operational
discipline across the supplier ecosystem.
The Supplier Code of Conduct (SCOC)
The SCOC articulates fundamental principles expected
of all suppliers, encompassing labor practices, integrity,
ethical conduct, sustainability commitments, and intellectual
property protection. All vendors are required to provide
formal signoff on the SCOC, with compliance rates tracked
and reported to the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis,
ensuring executive-level visibility and accountability.
The Sustainable Procurement Policy
Under this policy, Environmental, Social and Governance
(ESG) considerations are integrated into procurement
decision-making across sourcing, contracting, and supplier
lifecycle management stages, emphasizing responsible
sourcing practices, resource efficiency, and reduced material
consumption. IT forms the basis of our supplier sustainability
programs and supports long-term supply chain resilience.
The Global Procurement Policy
This policy defines overarching principles governing Wipro's
procurement operations, ensuring alignment with business
objectives, ethical standards, and operational discipline,
while reinforcing commitments to supplier diversity and
inclusive procurement.
The Vendor Risk Assessment (VRA) Policy
Managed by the VRA team, this policy aligns security
assessments of critical suppliers with applicable policies,
procedures, standards, and baselines, utilizing security
questionnaires based on ISO 27001 and NIST 800-53
frameworks. Assessment reports, approved by relevant
stakeholders, identify non-conformances and observations,
which are tracked and addressed to achieve closure.
Comprehensive audits are also conducted to assess
labor practices, including working hours, child labor,
and workplace safety.
These integrated policies establish a comprehensive
governance architecture that addresses ESG considerations,
security requirements, ethical standards, and operational
excellence across the supplier lifecycle.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
Enterprise Layer: Third-party Risk
Management Framework (TPRM)
Wipro has implemented an enterprise-wide Third
-party Risk Management (TPRM) framework to further
strengthen supply chain governance. The framework
aims to enable the systematic integration of ESG risks
alongside other third-party risk dimensions.
IT is being progressively embedded across all third-party
relationships, including suppliers, vendors, contractors,
consultants, service providers, and business partners,
and covers the entire third-party lifecycle.
The framework is designed to establish clear
governance, defined roles, and strong accountability.
IT enables a consistent and risk-based approach to due
diligence, risk identification, risk assessment, and risk
management. ESG risks are assessed on par with other
enterprise risks and are overseen by a cross-functional
TPRM Steering Committee.
As we further strengthen the TPRM framework, ESG risk
outcomes are increasingly informing supplier approval
decisions, risk categorization, escalation pathways, and
monitoring intensity. This is supported by structured
onboarding processes, enhanced due diligence for
higher-risk partners, and integration into a centralized
internal procurement platform.
Execution Layer: Supplier
Development Programs
Wipro operates multiple supplier development programs
designed to build capacity, enhance sustainability
performance, and promote inclusive procurement across
the supply chain ecosystem. The WISE program focuses
on supply chain decarbonization, supporting suppliers
in measuring and managing greenhouse gas emissions.
The program is designed to be inclusive by removing
cost barriers to participation, representing a strategic
shift from compliance-driven assessments toward
collaborative partnerships focused on mutual learning,
capability building, and continuous improvement.
Recent program enhancements include the expansion of
hands-on training modules, improved supplier maturity
assessment frameworks, and deeper alignment with
enterprise-level emissions data requirements to support
Scope 3 reporting. These improvements strengthen
the program's effectiveness in driving measurable
sustainability outcomes across the supplier network.
Pillars of Supplier Sustainability Program
Ethical

COBC and SCOC compliance as core
ethical standards
Equitable

Equal opportunity employer practices

Universal design principles in sourcing
and procurement

Accessibility standards aligned with HG 2016
for physical infrastructure and WCAG 2.1 AA for
ICT products

Supplier diversity initiatives enabling
engagement with certified diverse suppliers

MSME inclusion in global supplier spend
Ecological

Integration of ecological sustainability into supplier operations

Compliance with established environmental norms

Promotion of environment-friendly practices across operations

Sustainable procurement across services
(e.g., cleaning services, cooling systems acquisition)

Greenhouse management and mitigation measures

System-driven vendor database checks and
labor compliance tracking

Vendor-specific credit assessment methods

Annual anti-corruption and
anti-bribery training

Social compliance protocols for
manpower service providers

Supplier Diversity and Inclusive Procurement: Wipro
Inclusive Supplier Development and Mentorship -
WISDOM
The Supplier Diversity Program, WISDOM, achieved
significant scale in FY26, with 16.84% of global procurement
spend directed to certified diverse suppliers and 8.6% to
MSME suppliers, demonstrating a commitment to inclusive
supply chain development. This reflects a substantial
investment in building a more diverse and resilient
supplier ecosystem.
The WISDOM program provides management and technical
support to diverse suppliers to enable sustainable and
scalable business operations, with senior leadership
conducting program presentations and individual meetings
to identify barriers and enablers to supplier growth. This
hands-on approach ensures diverse suppliers receive the
targeted support needed to scale their operations and
compete effectively.
16.84%
Global spend with Certified Diverse Suppliers
8.6%
Global spend with MSME suppliers
inclusion, and capability building into our core procurement
strategy. This multi-dimensional approach creates shared
value across the supply chain while advancing broader
ESG objectives.
Environmental Performance: EPEAT Leadership
We have maintained EPEAT Purchaser Award recognition
for eight consecutive years, demonstrating our sustained
commitment to environmentally responsible electronics
procurement. Since 2022, we have achieved and maintained
the 5-STAR EPEAT rating from the Global Electronics Council,
the highest recognition tier available. The 5-STAR rating
spans six product categories: Computers, Displays, Imaging
Equipment, Televisions, Mobile Phones, and Servers,
reflecting enterprise-wide adoption of sustainability criteria
in technology procurement decisions.
EPEAT-registered products meet rigorous environmental
performance criteria addressing climate impact, energy
efficiency, reduction of environmentally sensitive materials,
recycled content, design for longevity and recyclability, and
responsible end-of-life management. The 2024 projected
environmental impact (data is always received for the prior
year) from our EPEAT procurement includes a reduction
of 2,637 metric tons of CO2 equivalent emissions, energy
savings of 1,006 megawatt-hours, and water conservation of
14.97 million liters across product lifecycles.
2024. EPEAT Procurement Environmental Impact
Environmental Metric
2024. Projected Impact
CO2 Equivalent
Emissions Reduction
2,637 metric tons
Energy Savings
1,006 megawatt-hours
Water Conservation
14.97 million liters
These measurable outcomes demonstrate how strategic
procurement decisions directly contribute to enterprise
sustainability objectives and Net Zero commitments. The
eight-year consecutive recognition positions us among
global leaders in sustainable electronics procurement,
with 2024 EPEAT award winners collectively achieving
greenhouse gas reductions equivalent to removing 121,000
passenger vehicles from roads annually. The assessment
report for 2025 will be received in July 2026.
Women Entrepreneurship with Wipro
(WEW) Initiative
The Women Entrepreneurship with Wipro (WEW) initiative
received the UN Women country-level recognition in
FY25 for Gender Responsive Procurement practices, the
highest award in this category. The program aims to identify
women-owned business enterprises among existing
suppliers and encourage third-party certification, with
eligible enterprises receiving structured mentorship from
Wipro leadership to accelerate business development and
operational excellence.
Through these interconnected programs, we demonstrate
a comprehensive approach to supplier development that
integrates environmental sustainability, diversity and

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
Wipro Initiative for Supplier
Engagement (WISE)
A core focus of the WISE program is supply chain
decarbonization, supporting suppliers in measuring and
managing their emissions through hands on guidance,
data documentation, and transparent sharing of results
to drive improvement actions. The program is designed
to be inclusive by removing cost barriers to participation,
enabling broad supplier engagement and scaling
sustainability impact across the supply chain rather than
limiting progress to large or resource rich suppliers.
The purpose of the program is two-fold: enable small
and medium suppliers to measure, monitor and report
emissions to Wipro; and to build capacity on the larger
sustainability goals spanning across ESG parameters.
From Compliance to Strategic Collaboration
WISE represents a clear shift from compliance driven
supplier assessments to a strategic collaboration
model focused on two way learning, capability building,
and continuous improvement. Supplier engagements
generate insights that inform Wipro s broader supply
chain strategy, while equipping suppliers with the
knowledge and tools to strengthen their sustainability
performance. This collaborative approach is further
supported through initiatives such as the WISE Supplier
Sustainability Summits, which facilitate dialogue on
emerging ESG and regulatory expectations, promote
knowledge sharing, and recognize positive supplier
performance to reinforce long term engagement.
Environment
Social
Governance
Decarbonization
Enabling MSMEs to track ESG
emissions and ESG policies.
Empower & Engage
Driving awareness, behavior change,
and positive reinforcement through
capability building.
Summit & Recognition
Supplier Sustainability Summit and
leadership awards for top-performing
suppliers to incentivize and create
awareness.
WISE
Wipro Initiative for
Supplier Engagement

Human Rights Due Diligence
in Supply Chain
Aligned with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and
Human Rights and the OECD Due Diligence framework,
Wipro s Human Rights Due Diligence (HRDD) approach
is designed to identify, prevent, mitigate, and account for
adverse human rights impacts across its supply chain.
As part of this approach, we are conducting a structured
HRDD survey across all tiers of suppliers, administered
by an independent third party through a supplier self
assessment questionnaire, to assess how human rights risks
are managed in practice and to evaluate the effectiveness of
existing policies, processes, and controls.
Administered by an independent third party through a
comprehensive supplier self-assessment questionnaire,
the key human rights risk areas assessed include forced
and child labor, freedom of association, wages and working
hours, occupational health and safety, non-discrimination,
ethical conduct, and worker well-being, with particular focus
on labor intensive and higher risk categories.
In parallel, we conduct internal social audits of suppliers as
part of our ongoing supply chain oversight. In the reporting
year, we conducted 4,200 social audits for our vendors and
contractors, strengthening the oversight of labor and social
compliance practices.
HRDD processes are also embedded within Wipro s
supplier onboarding and lifecycle management processes
through the TPRM framework and contractual requirements,
including Master Service Agreements (MSAs). Information
collected through the HRDD survey enables identification of
higher-risk suppliers and priority risk areas requiring targeted
intervention, supporting a risk-based approach to human
rights protection.
These mechanisms enable due diligence, risk based
assessments, and audits at onboarding and during periodic
renewals to ensure alignment with Wipro s Supplier Code of
Conduct and human rights expectations.
This systematic approach positions us to meet emerging
regulatory requirements, including the EU Corporate
Sustainability Due Diligence Directive and similar mandatory
HRDD legislation being implemented globally.
Strategic Outlook and Continuous
Improvement
As regulatory demands and expectations for supply chain
transparency grow, our integrated governance and ESG
approach provides a strong foundation for continued
leadership. The maturing TPRM framework will strengthen
risk identification, assessment, and mitigation across the
supplier ecosystem. Continued enhancement of WISE will
build supplier capacity for emissions measurement and
reduction, supporting Scope 3 decarbonization. Expanding
human rights due diligence will help identify and address
adverse impacts in line with emerging HRDD requirements.
Ongoing focus on supplier diversity and inclusive
procurement will create opportunities for MSMEs and
women-owned businesses while strengthening resilience.
Sustaining EPEAT leadership and improving environmental
performance will deliver measurable climate and operational
benefits. Together, Wipro s three-layered governance
model, policy framework, and Board oversight provide
the structure needed to meet evolving ESG requirements
while maintaining operational excellence. As we advance
toward our Net Zero goals, strategic supplier partnerships
will remain central to creating shared value across our
supply chain.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
People
UN SDGs
Key Linkages
Strategy
Capitals
Risks

Employee training

Well-being

Inclusion and Belonging (I&B)

Talent and culture risk

ABAC risk

Retention

Human rights
Natural
Financial
Manufactured
H
S
N
F
Intellectual
Human
Social and Relationship
Culture and Values
Our 80-year milestone celebrates a
legacy of resilience, uncompromising
ethics and integrity. Built by generations
of Wiproites, these core values serve
as our moral compass and remain
deeply embedded in the DNA of our
organization. This legacy is also rooted
in the belief that purpose drives business
and business drives purpose. We proudly
contribute 66% of our economic activity
to a global philanthropy that supports
some of the most disadvantaged
communities around the world.
Wipro's Founder-Chairman, Azim Premji,
has played an instrumental role in
building this foundation and ensuring
that our values, the Spirit of Wipro, guide
us to do the right thing. These values
are our bedrock. They define who we
are, guide how we work and shape our
future. They have further strengthened
our commitment to creating a more
inclusive workplace for our associates,
clients and diverse stakeholders,
while contributing to a more equitable,
humane, and sustainable society.
In early 2020, as part of our culture
transformation journey, our Chairman,
Rishad Premji, introduced the Five
Habits, which bring our values to life and
encourage a growth mindset.
When our behaviors and ways of working
consistently reflect our values, we truly
put them into action. We have scaled
Five Habits engagement globally by
delivering crowdsourced, scenario-
based learning to more than 140,000
associates and conducting high-impact
refresh sessions across accounts for over
230,000 associates so far.
The Five Habits remind us that
change begins with each one of us
and encourage us all to be reflective,
collaborative and demonstrate the Five
Habits every day. More than 500 Habit
Champions and Culture Ambassadors
have partnered and contributed to our
culture transformation journey. Over
40,000 leaders from around the world
have participated in 140+ immersive
sessions on the Five Habits led by
our Chairman.
As the next step in this journey, we
introduced the Wipro Leader Success
Profile, an enterprise-wide definition
of what leadership at Wipro looks like,
feels like, and delivers. IT defines a set of
Leadership Capabilities that leaders are
expected to demonstrate. Our culture
framework brings together key pillars,
including purpose, mindset, learning,
recognition, belonging and well-being.

Inclusion and Belonging (I&B)
At Wipro, we believe that everyone belongs. By nurturing
a workplace where individuals can be their authentic selves
and experience a strong sense of belonging, we cultivate
an environment where people can thrive in a merit-driven,
high-performance culture. We do not engage in or support
discrimination based on characteristics protected by law,
including ethnicity, race, caste, religion, disability, age,
gender, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation,
political affiliation, or protected veteran status.
Our I&B philosophy helps ensure that Wipro reflects the
societies in which we operate and celebrates the diversity of
voices across our global workforce.
Our mandatory learning module on Unconscious Bias helps
associates recognize and mitigate bias through realistic
scenarios and practical actions. More than 2,05,000
associates have completed this training.
205,000+
Associates completed Unconscious Bias training
Our culture continues to evolve with our organization,
while our values remain a constant anchor and the Five
Habits guide how we show up every day. We bring this to
life by embedding culture in ways that create a consistent
and meaningful experience for our associates globally. Our
governance ensures this is sustained with clarity, intent,
and scale. For detailed references, see pages 04, 32, 37,
38, 44, 54, 62, 63, 68, 83-93, 100, 101, 107-112, 128, 136,
and 159 of the Annual Report for specific references.
140,000+
Associates engaged through Five Habits learning
500+
Habit Champions and Culture Ambassadors
partnered and contributed to our culture
transformation journey
Women
Wipro is committed to fostering a supportive environment
for women associates. Our mission is to build an inclusive
ecosystem where women can thrive, innovate, and lead.
Over the years, we have strengthened an equitable culture
through progressive policies, leadership development
programs, and structured mentorship and sponsorship
opportunities. We also extend our efforts to engage and
support women in communities at large.
Key programs include Enrich, Begin Again, WoW Mom, HerCode,
structured leadership development initiatives, leadership
connects with the CEO and Executive Leadership, and the
HerStory series, which showcases experiences and role models
from within Wipro and beyond.
37.6%
Women*
40%
Of our hires were women
Disability Inclusion
We strive to create an inclusive and accessible workplace
for colleagues with disabilities, acquired disabilities/chronic
medical conditions, and primary caregivers of dependents
with disabilities. We implement initiatives in alignment with
our CREATE framework (Career, Recruit, Engage, Accessibility,
Train and Enable) and focus on digital accessibility across
all processes.
* Women employee % includes employees of Harman DTS acquisition closed, effective December 1, 2025.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
The Global Disability Alliance Network (Global DAN)
brings together employees with disabilities from diverse
intersectionalities, caregivers and allies. We have
systems in place for self-identification and for requests
related to reasonable accommodation and adjustments,
supported by appropriate interventions. In addition,
disability awareness and sensitization sessions, our
Disability Inclusion Hub page, and the Disability
Inclusion Handbook provide awareness and details on
inclusive practices to empower associates.
LGBTQIA+ Inclusion
Our priority is to create a safe, inclusive, and welcoming
workplace for LGBTQIA+ associates through awareness
building, allyship, and inclusive policy frameworks.
Wipro Pride, our Employee Resource Group (ERG),
facilitates community building, information sharing, and
conversations among LGBTQIA+ colleagues and allies.
Our Global Prevention of LGBTQIA+ Discrimination
Policy safeguards associates against discrimination
based on gender identity or sexual orientation.
Wipro s insurance policy includes coverage for gender-
affirming surgeries and related medical procedures in
several countries. Additionally, inclusive gender-neutral
restrooms are available across most office locations.
Our initiatives include a dedicated LGBTQIA+ Inclusion
Handbook, an e-learning module on Championing
LGBTQIA+ Inclusion, sensitization sessions, monthly
newsletters, and allyship campaigns. These efforts help
create safe spaces for dialogue and strengthen a sense
of community and belonging.
Increase in self-declaration with
2,537
Associates with
Disabilities
1,660+
Associates from the
LGBTQIA+ community
Multi-generational Inclusion
At Wipro, we embrace a multi-generational workforce and
design our policies and programs to support associates
at different life stages. Our initiatives enable employees
to balance professional and personal commitments
while accessing development opportunities throughout
their careers.
We promote cross-generational collaboration through
mentoring, reverse mentoring, peer learning, and
360-degree feedback mechanisms, enabling knowledge
sharing and mutual growth.
40%
Generation Z
Race and Ethnicity
The Black Alliance ERG promotes an inclusive
environment for African American associates by
observing Martin Luther King Jr. Day, recognizing
Juneteenth, and celebrating Black History Month.
In addition, we support regional and country-specific
affinity groups for Hispanic and Latin/o/a/x communities,
Asian and Pacific Islander associates, and other cultural
groups, fostering inclusion and representation across our
global workforce.
People Processes: Key Highlights
of FY26
Hiring and Onboarding
Our associates are our greatest strength, and we aim
to build exceptional teams from diverse backgrounds
to drive innovation and set high standards. Our culture
and values provide a strong foundation for an industry-
leading Talent Attraction Model, which we leverage to
attract, identify, and hire diverse talent at all levels. Early
career hires find a sustainable platform to grow into the
technology leaders of tomorrow, while our Employer
Value Proposition (EVP) articulates our brand promise
and helps attract top talent for open roles.
This year, we took a significant step forward in the
associate experience by implementing SuccessFactors
Onboarding. This integrated, system-led approach
is grounded in human-centered design, AI-enabled
workflows, and simplified, automated processes,
bringing new hires into Wipro with greater clarity and
speed from day one.
Enhancing the candidate experience remains a top
priority, and our investments are reflected externally.
Our Glassdoor metrics show sustained momentum,
with 68% of reviewers recommending Wipro to a friend,
and 65% have a positive outlook on the Company.
CEO approval has remained consistent at around 80%
through FY26, placing us ahead of several immediate
competitors, while inclusion and belonging continue to
be our highest-rated attributes. Technology, automation,
and an AI-first mindset, combined with AI tools across
our hiring practices, have enabled faster, more data-
driven decision-making and helped us meet our talent
goals efficiently.

Performance and Talent Management
Technology shifts and rising client expectations are reshaping
our business, accelerating workforce transformation through
AI. Our talent ecosystem integrates continuous skilling,
leadership development, performance management, and
career mobility to enable associates to deliver sustained
impact at pace and scale. We have designed our performance
management approach as a continuous, fair, and outcome-
driven process that supports long-term growth. Through clear
goals and objectives, transparent bi-annual appraisal and
feedback processes, such as 360-degree surveys and feed-
forward mechanisms, our performance management system
aligns individual contribution with business priorities and
Wipro s values-led culture.
We integrate performance with career development through
clear rating definitions, role and skill-based frameworks,
and role rotations. Associates can set goals, track progress,
and access actionable performance insights through
myCareer on SuccessFactors, and explore career and talent
development opportunities. Rewards and career progression
are linked to sustained high performance, reinforcing
a meritocratic, high-performance culture that drives
engagement, purpose, and results at scale. This approach
reinforces continued performance, growth, and
development opportunities.
Our talent ecosystem is powered by AI-enabled talent
practices that connect skills, performance, careers, and
opportunity. Platforms such as iAspire, an AI-powered
career management system, and WiNow, a conversational
talent bot, provide real-time visibility into skills and
aspirations, encourage faster deployment of best-fit talent
and application of learned skills to real-world problems.
Our integrated Human Capital Management System (HCM)
on SuccessFactors further connects skilling, performance,
and career mobility into a single, insight-driven experience.
Through responsible AI practices, targeted learning, and
clear career pathways, we advance our consulting-led,
AI-powered transformation, helping associates build the
capabilities that matter most, power sustained business
value, and truly deliver with impact.
65%
Positive outlook
on the Company
~80%
CEO approval rating
through FY26
Learning and Development
In FY26, we invested 19.23 million learning hours in skilling
and professional development of associates across Wipro
Academy and Wipro Leadership Institute.
Wipro Academy
At Wipro Academy, the MySkill-Z Competency Framework
enables our early-career associates to acquire high-demand
skill(s) for project-career opportunities.
iAspire, our AI-powered career-management platform,
empowers associates to explore career paths and
professional growth opportunities based on their current
roles, skillsets, professional aspirations, and business and
client needs.
Our partnerships with Microsoft, Google, AWS and
other leading enterprises provide access to the latest
learning resources in Cloud and AI Technologies. In
addition, our collaboration with the Indian Institute of
Science offers access to their M. Tech. programs in AI and
Data Science & Business Analytics to our associates.
Our commitment to continuous learning and cross-skilling
continued with additional rigor during the year. We are
actively building an AI-ready workforce, with 212,663
Associates already equipped with an AI-first mindset and
essential AI skillset and toolset. We have enabled more
than 180 AI learning pathways tailored to varied proficiency
levels for our business and technical associates. Through
these efforts, we aspire to excel in AI-technologies and drive
AI-innovation, service delivery transformation, and efficiency.
19.23 mn learning hours
Invested in skilling and professional development
of associates across Wipro Academy and Wipro
Leadership Institute
212,663
Employees covered through AI-ready workforce
initiatives
We advanced our position as a consulting-led and
AI-powered enterprise leveraging Wipro Intelligence, which
integrates AI into delivery through platforms, such as WINGS
and WEGA. Our AI Academy launched an enterprise-wide
initiative to train and certify associates to drive AI adoption.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
VALUE CREATION FOR STAKEHOLDERS
66,092
WINGS Basic
70,443
WEGA Basic
34,208
WEGA Advanced
27,670
WEGA Master
93,994
Associates certified as AI Masters
We have built an active skilling ecosystem with learning
partners such as Udemy, Mettl, Codility, Nuvepro,
HackerRank, TopCoder, and Intuition. Additionally, our
in-house wiLearn platform empowers associates to
explore relevant skilling avenues based on their learning
needs. Through these initiatives, we foster a culture of
continuous learning at Wipro, recording 79.1 skilling
hours per associate for FY26.
Recorded
79.1 skilling hours
per associate for FY26
During the year, 139 customized Account Academies
across various Global Business Lines and Service
Lines offered continuous and connected learning
opportunities for 85,616 associates. Cloud and AI
Practice Academies, along with the School of Data
Engineers, help build emerging skills required for
future roles.
Leadership Development and Talent Management
The Wipro Leadership Institute (WLI) curates learning
and development interventions aligned with our
strategic priorities and emerging business needs.
Operationalizing the tenets outlined in the Wipro
Leaders Success Profile, WLI offers a comprehensive
suite of programs designed to enhance knowledge,
strengthen skills, and shape mindsets.
WLI's leadership development programs enabled
more than 1,500 high-performing and high-potential
individuals to enhance personal growth and strategic
awareness, helping them excel in their existing roles
while preparing for future enterprise leadership
mandates. Notable initiatives under WLI include
executive programs focused on transformation
leadership, customized development interventions for
go-to-market and delivery talent, a sponsorship program
for women leaders, personal development through
sponsorship and coaching, academic immersions
at leading global institutes, and structured manager
effectiveness programs.
Employee Well-being
Associate well-being is a fundamental aspect of
our culture. We champion the holistic well-being of
our people by emphasizing the interconnectedness
of three important aspects of life: Mind, Body and
Community. Our data-driven approach to healthcare
ensures sustainable and scalable outcomes.
Leadership involvement is crucial, with a dedicated
leader sponsor fostering well-being conversations
and advocating interventions that support a healthier,
happier workforce.
Part-time Working Options
We offer Indian associates a half-day, half-pay working
model for periods ranging from one month to one
year, providing flexibility for personal commitments.
Reasons include post-maternity leave, childcare, illness,
dependent care or other personal reasons. In addition,
temporary remote work is available for up to 12 days
annually to support health and caregiving needs.

Focus on Capability Building
Strengthening well-being-related skills in the organization at
an individual and managerial level.
Our e-learning modules for mental resilience, psychological
first aid, and workforce well-being equip learners and
managers with essential skills to manage stress, recognize
distress, and foster a thriving work environment.
The capability-building catalogue serves as a single
repository for all well-being learning resources.
Managers who prioritize well-being foster resilient and
engaged teams. The well-being module in the Wipro
People Managers Program (WPM), along with DIY toolkits,
supports stress management and team collaboration.
Our 24/7 digital well-being platforms offer articles,
videos, courses, and curated learning pathways for
all associates.
Peer Support for Mental Health
The Mitr-Mental Wellbeing Ally Network (India) is a
peer-led initiative that builds a supportive workplace by
enabling trained employee volunteers to act as the first
line of support for colleagues facing stress or emotional
challenges. Mitr allies provide empathetic listening, promote
early help-seeking, and guide employees to professional
resources such as the Employee Assistance Program (EAP),
while maintaining confidentiality.
Financial Well-being Platforms: Launched globally with
comprehensive offerings and will continue to be expanded.
Caregiver Benefits: Launched in India and the US, offering
resources for child/elder care, women s well-being and
parenting support.
Technological Integrations: Provide seamless access
to well-being resources, including the Stretch & Pause
ergonomics app and the WiNow chatbot.
Focused Communication: Campaigns and a dedicated site
enhance visibility of well-being offerings across all employee
lifecycle stages.
We conduct an annual well-being survey to determine the
organization s well-being quotient and evaluate awareness
of our well-being offerings.
Employee Experience Survey (EES) and Employee
Insights
The Employee Engagement Survey (EES) is Wipro s
enterprise-wide active listening mechanism designed to
capture employee sentiment and engagement across the
employee lifecycle. IT provides insights into key engagement
drivers such as career development, work-life balance,
psychological safety and organizational purpose.
Key Highlights of EES
Overall Engagement: With 86% engagement and a 72%
participation rate, we have shown an improvement in
engagement. The engagement score is a composite of job
satisfaction (82%), sense of purpose (90%), and willingness to
recommend (85%). We continue to outperform benchmarks
across Fortune 500 and IT/Professional Services sectors.
Engagement Drivers: High scores across training and
resources (90%), authority and empowerment (88%),
innovation (88%), inclusion and belonging (86%), role
fit (85%), customer focus (85%), well-being (83%),
psychological safety (82%), work-life balance (81%),
transparent communication (80%), strategic alignment (83%),
collaboration (82%), recognition (80%), trust in manager (83%)
and leadership (82%).
Respect and Impact: At Wipro, 89% of associates feel
respected at work, and 88% believe the Company is making
a positive impact on the world.
Action on Feedback: The Action Taken score rose to 71% in
Aug 25, up from 70% in Feb 25 and 68% in Aug 24, reflecting
increased confidence in Wipro s responsiveness to employee
feedback. Our Action Taken' score remained ahead of
Fortune 500, IT, and global benchmarks, with leadership
engagement rising on the back of structured programs
for leaders, AI-powered sales enablement, and sustained
investment in collaboration, managing change, well-being,
and psychological safety.
86%
EES (Employee Engagement Score)

OUR APPROACH TO MANAGING RISK
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Risk Management
Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework is
based on globally recognized standards and industry best
practices. In line with the organization s strategic objectives,
IT provides 360-degree coverage. Its primary objective is to
avoid surprises by proactively managing organizational risks,
including emerging risks and concerns. IT also focuses on risk
mitigation to keep residual risks within defined thresholds and
supports continuous risk awareness programs, while taking
into account the requirements of clients and employees as
key stakeholders.
The framework is designed to be
agile, enabling proactive navigation
of uncertainties and the ability to
capitalize on opportunities in a
dynamic business environment. IT has
been digitized to enable faster, more
informed, and effective risk-based
decision-making, thereby fostering a
risk-resilient culture. The ERM framework
is administered by the Audit, Risk and
Compliance Committee of the Board
and is supported by a multi-layered
risk governance structure that enables
effective oversight, timely escalation
and coordinated risk response across
the organization.
Augmented by AI-enabled insights and
automation to enhance risk visibility
and responsiveness, the Company
strengthens preparedness for evolving
risks through simulation-driven exercises,
role-based training, and centralized risk
intelligence. This reflects a preventive,
technology-enabled, and resilience-
driven approach that enables Wipro to
anticipate risks, respond proactively, and
sustain stakeholder confidence.
Gartner, an independent analyst firm,
in its vendor rating report of August
2024, stated that Wipro has a strong
focus on risk management, driven by
the Chief Risk Officer. Wipro views this
as a business differentiator, focused
on four key pillars: enhanced reliability,
resilience, agility, and security of
business solutions. Wipro also won
the Masters of Risk-IT & ITES (Large
Cap category) at the CNBC TV18 India
Risk Management Awards 2025. In
a benchmarking study conducted by
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) in late
2023, IT was noted that, compared to
peers, Wipro has achieved an advanced
level of maturity in its ERM practices and
is well-positioned to leverage these as a
market differentiator. At Wipro, we have
continued to build on and strengthen
these practices during the year.

Strategic Oversight
Ecosystems
Key Risk Domains
Risk Management Framework
Risk Governance
Strategic Objectives and Priorities
Guiding Pillars
Board of
Directors
Accelerate
Growth
Vision and
Mission
Strengthen
Client and
Partnerships
Lead with
Business
Solutions
Built Talent
at Scale
Simplified
Operating
Model
Values

Legal, Regulatory
and Compliance

Information
and Cybersecurity

Data Privacy

Generative AI

Financial

Talent and Culture

Employee Health
and Safety

Service Delivery and
Obligation Management

Strategic & Market

Technology & Innovation

Mergers and
Acquisitions Integration

Geopolitical

Third Party/Supplier
Business Resilience

Fraud and Anti-Bribery
and Anti-Corruption

Environmental, Social
and Governance

Emerging Risk

Risk Identification -
Existing/Emerging

Risk Assessment

Appetite and Tolerance

Risk Treatment

Risk Monitoring

Risk Reporting

Audit

Audit, Risk
and Compliance
Committee of
the Board

Risk
and Governance
Committee

Compliance
Committee

Risk Councils
at Business,
Functions,
Geography,
Location and Risk
Theme level

Clients

Business

Functions

Partners

Environmental
and Social
Risk Program
Risk Description
Risk Mitigation
Information and
Cybersecurity
Risk
Our reliance on information technology
is increasing with the adoption of
emerging technologies, cloud, artificial
intelligence, and remote workforce
models. This expands the complexity
of our digital ecosystem and heightens
exposure to cybersecurity threats,
vulnerabilities, deepfakes, phishing
attacks, and incidents. These risks
may result in business disruptions,
reputational damage, unauthorized
disclosure of sensitive information,
financial losses, and the spread of
disinformation.
Our risk-based approach continuously monitors and responds to cyber risks through
a layered cybersecurity management process.
This Includes

Well-defined information security policies, procedures, risk and control
frameworks aligned with industry standards, including ISO 27001,
NIST 800-53, NIST CSF, and ISO 27005.

Continuous risk assessments for proactive identification, mitigation and
governance of emerging cyber and AI-related risks.

A well-structured threat intelligence, security monitoring, and incident
response process to detect and respond to cyber threats and incidents.

Ongoing employee engagement initiatives to foster a strong security culture
and promote responsible and ethical behavior across the organization. The
cybersecurity team checks preparedness through phishing and deepfake
attack simulations that impersonate senior leaders.

Comprehensive data protection techniques, along with strong backup and
recovery protocols, form a key foundation for our cyber resilience strategy.

A robust governance process with Executive and Board-level oversight to
review cybersecurity risks and evaluate the investments required to mitigate
and respond to them.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
OUR APPROACH TO MANAGING RISK
Risk Program
Risk Description
Risk Mitigation
Legal, Regulatory
and Compliance
Risk
Risk arising from non-compliance with
applicable federal, state, local and foreign
laws governing business operations,
which may lead to financial exposure and
reputational risk to the organization.

A program on statutory compliance is in place to track all
applicable regulations and obligations, commensurate
with the size and operations of the organization and
corresponding to actions for enabling compliance.

Compliance Posture is regularly monitored by the
Compliance Committee, Compliance Officer of the Company
and reported to the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
of the Board.
Data Privacy
(DP) Risk
Potential risks associated with non-
compliance with Data Privacy regulations
include substantial financial penalties,
legal action, loss of customer trust, and
reputational damage. Furthermore,
the organization may face operational
disruptions and increased scrutiny from
regulatory bodies.

Aligned with ISO/IEC 27701:2019 certification, a dedicated Data
Privacy team monitors regulatory changes on an ongoing basis
and enables periodic privacy assessments and audits to identify
vulnerabilities and maintain compliance with evolving DP laws.
We leverage technology to manage our operations efficiently.
Data security measures such as encryption, firewalls, and intrusion
detection systems protect sensitive information from unauthorized
access and breaches.
Data Privacy training is conducted to upskill teams and equip them
with capabilities for handling complexities around data transfer,
use of personal data in AI systems, new Data Privacy regulations,
their compliance requirements and emerging threats
Data Privacy manuals are created for the enterprise functions,
including the creation of a strong network of data privacy
champions.
Geopolitical and
Macroeconomic
Volatility Risk
These risks remain elevated and are
expected to persist in the foreseeable future.
They may impact employee safety, security,
and employee mobility and may also lead to
disruptions in business operations.

Our Country Risk Framework addresses country-specific
risks, enabling proactive risk identification and treatment
prior to onboarding new or incremental business.

Agreements with multiple reputed international risk
consulting firms provide us with real-time information,
security analysis, risk assessments, advice and forecasts
for the timely detection of geopolitical risks and global
security events.

Our strategy of hiring local talent in critical geographies
and strategic locations, along with a dedicated team that
manages mobility, ensures minimal impact on operations
resulting from any protectionist policies by a country.

Business Continuity and Cybersecurity programs are
periodically reviewed and tested to ensure resilience
to any regional conflicts.
Finance and
Market Risk
These include risks relating to taxation,
wage pressure, credit, foreign currency,
interest rate, counterparty and liquidity
arising from the normal course of business.
Covered on page 121.

Risk Program
Risk Description
Risk Mitigation
People Operations
(Talent and Culture)
Risk
Highly motivated and skilled
resources are the backbone of
any organization. Effective and
efficient people management
helps businesses gain a
competitive advantage. This risk
could arise if organizations fail
to hire and manage resources
appropriately.
See the People Practices Learning and Development section on page 109.
Employee Health
and Safety Risk
Providing a healthy and safe
working environment will improve
employee productivity, retention
and avoid any reputation impact.
IT also helps the business gain a
competitive advantage.
See People Practices Employee Well-being section on page 110.
Service Delivery
and Contractual
Obligation
Management
(Including Large Deal
Governance) Risk
Delivery and operational
excellence are the foundation
of any customer engagement
process. The absence of secure,
compliant and resilient business
solutions can lead to customer
dissatisfaction and have financial
implications.

Our Deal Resilience Evaluation Framework (DREF) ensures proactive risk
management of large deals right from the deal pursuit stage.

Unified Risk Framework and Alert management process enable timely risk
management and governance throughout the lifecycle of the engagement.
These proactive methodologies enhance resilience and ensure a high
standard of operational excellence.

Contractual obligations are self-assessed by the teams and audited by ERM
and the Quality team to ensure strong governance on service delivery and
contractual obligation management.

Wipro's Enterprise Level SSAE 18 compliance program has gone live and
is designed to meet regulatory and security compliance requirements
across locations.
AI in Service
Delivery Risk
If AI is not used responsibly,
IT exposes the organization to
significant risks of data breaches,
bias and fairness issues,
regulatory violations, contractual
non-compliance and financial
exposure.

AI Council and task force oversee the responsible use of AI in service delivery,
covering both new implementations and existing ones, including all high-risk
AI projects. Furthermore, the AI task force conducts AI impact assessments
for privacy-enhancing technical solutions to safeguard client IP and data and
ensure regulatory compliance.

AI audit framework assesses compliance of AI usage against contractual
terms and Wipro s AI frameworks and standards, including periodic review of
deployed AI solutions.

Delivery teams mandatorily perform AI risk classification to determine the risk
exposure and ensure necessary steps are taken to reduce liability risk.

Responsible AI training courses are imparted for privacy, fairness, and legal
protection by design and AI risks.

Contractual Safeguards for AI have been configured through MSAs and SOWs.
Business Resilience
and IT Disaster
Recovery Risk
The risk that arises if the
organization is unable to recover
and maintain business operations
in the event of a disruption due
to internal, third-party, physical,
or natural circumstances, etc.
This can lead to loss of customer
confidence, financial and
reputational loss.
Our Business Continuity Management System (BCMS) framework is aligned to
ISO 22301:2019. We have dedicated and certified BCM professionals working to
enhance our resilience posture.

Business continuity plans are prepared and tested across delivery centers,
data centers, functions and accounts to ensure preparedness.

A crisis management structure exists globally that proactively manages and
supports during crises, and a threat management program is underway to do
a risk profiling of each location.

BCMS is digitized to drive quick and accurate decision-making during crises,
with enhancements including real-time alert and action mechanisms through
tools such as WIRES (Wipro Resilience for Account Service Delivery) and
Crisis24 for employee engagement, enabling faster and more accurate
decisions, timely notifications during crisis or disaster situations, and effective
mass communication.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
OUR APPROACH TO MANAGING RISK
Risk Program
Risk Description
Risk Mitigation
Mergers &
Acquisitions
(M&A) Integration
Risk
M&A is a key enabler for
Wipro s inorganic growth
strategy. The seamless
and successful integration
of acquired entity people,
processes and systems is
necessary to preserve value
and achieve the acquisition s
strategic objectives.

Wipro s Post Merger Integration team constitutes M&A integration
leaders, program managers, organizational change management
experts and dedicated functional integration leaders who drive all
aspects of integration, including the eventual brand retirement and
entity dispositioning.

Wipro's M&A Value Creation team drives business collaboration and joint
go-to-market, standalone and synergy business success with acquired
entities to ensure value preservation and value creation.

We focus on reducing the 'Time to Integration', and have customized
integration approaches that address the entity s nuances, thus ensuring
maximum value realization and seamless integration experiences.

During integration, there is a strong focus on aligning SOX, regulatory,
security and Wipro compliance requirements with complete alignment to
Group Risk Appetite.

Our M&A integration platform enables tracking of milestones from Legal
Close until the entity is fully integrated into Wipro s standard processes
and systems.
Third Party Risk
Management
The inability of our Suppliers
to deliver services or products
on time, as per agreed
quality or non-adherence to
regulatory requirements can
lead to disruption of services
to our customers. This could
result in reputational damage,
contractual non-compliance,
and financial risks.

Wipro's comprehensive Third-Party Risk Management Framework,
Supplier Code of Conduct (SCOC), Supplier Ethics program, ongoing
supplier meets and business reviews govern the Supplier life cycle,
supported by a centralized platform enabling end-to-end third-party risk
management lifecycle, including onboarding, continuous monitoring
and offboarding.

Onboarding checks involve technical and financial assessments and
enhanced due diligence and supplier risk assessments based on the risk
profile of the Supplier. All vendors are required to comply with our SCOC,
including subcontractors/Nth parties.

Our Third-Party risk management framework evaluates the risks
associated with third parties, including supplier concentration, category-
wise spends, contractual status, documentation, and integrated multi-
domain risks such as cyber security, data protection, ESG, business
continuity and AI.

There is an ongoing focus on cost optimization and risk reduction that
includes supplier consolidation supported by continuous monitoring and
oversight through dedicated risk towers.
Fraud, Anti-
Bribery Anti-
Corruption
(ABAC), Anti-
Money Laundering
(AML) Risk
Maintaining integrity is
paramount for safeguarding
market confidence and building
trust with clients. Instances of
bribery and corruption, money
laundering or fraud can expose
the organization to reputational
and financial risks.

Wipro s Code of Business Conduct (COBC), Zero Tolerance Policy on
integrity violations, Anti-Bribery & Anti-Corruption (ABAC) program, Anti-
Money Laundering (AML) monitoring, Fraud Management, Financial Risk
Management, Vendor Risk Management, Ombuds channels, and ERM-led
stress testing collectively establish a robust governance framework
for prevention, detection, and response. This is further strengthened
through analytics-driven monitoring, proactive risk intelligence, and
AI-enabled investigations, enabling a predictive, risk-led approach to
ethical governance.

ABAC Council, chaired by the General Counsel, provides strategic
oversight and ensures proactive risk management for high-risk functions,
with structured investigations and regular reporting to senior leadership
and the Board.

Mandatory training for high-risk functions, along with annual COBC
certification by all employees, reinforces a strong culture of integrity,
supported by effective whistleblower mechanisms.

Risk Program
Risk Description
Risk Mitigation
Strategy and
Market Risk
Any delay in identifying and aligning our
strategy to the dynamic market conditions
and nuances can impact our growth, market
share and profitability. Additionally, any
escalations in tariffs and trade policies of
certain countries with large economies,
where our clients or we operate, may
directly or indirectly hamper our growth.

Our approach is to be agile and adaptive in strategizing and executing
our key priorities. Our broader vision and strategic priorities form the
basis for driving sustained performance

We have prioritized markets, sectors, and clients that drive our focus
and investments. Differentiated capabilities, talent, operational
excellence, and a robust governance structure form the basis of
execution excellence

Our approach is Consulting-led and AI-powered. We are continuously
making investments in AI and executing across three dimensions,
i.e., Operate better , Deliver better , and Change the game . These
enable us to be relevant and stay ahead in the context of dynamic
market conditions

We continue to build strong relationships with our clients. This enables
us to work on their most critical strategic priorities, including mitigating
macro headwinds arising from tariffs, trade policies, etc., through our
strong capabilities (e.g., cost/operational excellence, transformation,
etc.) and global delivery footprint
Technology and
Innovation Risk
Technological evolution, particularly rapid
advancements in AI, is driving clients to
review their technology strategies and their
IT operating models, leading to a shift in the
services they need. Failure to adapt to these
changes could result in loss of business.
We continue investing in R&D to adopt frontier technologies and develop
industry solutions like AI. We partner with global technology leaders,
academic research teams, and startups to remain ahead of the curve on
technology evolution. Our global team of experts in Responsible AI, Data
Governance, and Data Privacy aids accelerated responsible AI Adoption.
The global Wipro Innovation Network creates collaborative environments
where clients can engage with our experts through immersive workshops
to identify and co-create high-impact, high-priority use cases and
accelerate their adoption of innovations.
Climate and
Environmental,
Social &
Governance
(ESG) Risk
Climate-related risks can adversely affect
our assets, operations, and financial
performance through both physical impacts
from extreme weather and transition risks
arising from regulatory change.
ESG serves as a key indicator of
organizational responsibility for investors
and clients evaluating long-term
partnerships. A failure to address climate
risks and strengthen ESG governance can
constrain business growth and result in
financial and reputational damage.
Climate risks
ESG risks - The identified 7 ESG goals are monitored on a quarterly basis
by the Board. Details are available in the Materiality Assessment section
on page 64.
Climate and ESG Risks
As a global technology services leader, we view the management of ESG and climate-related risks as fundamental to
our long-term resilience and value creation. At Wipro, we navigate an evolving climate landscape by addressing risks
and capitalizing on opportunities to support the low-carbon transition. Climate change influences our operations, value
chains, and financial performance, driving us to embed these considerations into our governance, strategy, and risk
management processes.
This section reflects our commitment to the IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures framework and provides a clear view of
our approach.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
OUR APPROACH TO MANAGING RISK
Risk Governance
Our Board oversees Sustainability and ESG Risks
through its Board Committees. The Audit, Risk and
Compliance Committee evaluates Climate and
ESG risks along with risk adaptation and business
continuity. The Nomination and Remuneration
Committee oversees sustainability and CSR activities,
aligning with risk mitigation. Please refer to page 68
on ESG Strategy and Governance to understand
more on our Risk Governance.
Strategy and Risk Framework
Our strategy embeds ESG and climate factors
into business planning across short-term (2030),
medium-term (2040), and long-term (2050) horizons,
reflecting their critical role in our operations and
stakeholder expectations.
Our risk framework embeds ESG and climate risks
into Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), aligned with
the COSO ERM Framework, to strengthen resilience
and transparency across operations.
We assess ESG and climate risk across People safety,
Infrastructure and Customer Delivery.
Our Climate and ESG risks are captured in the ERM
Risk Register of all relevant functions. Embedding
them in existing registers elevates ESG in senior
management discussions and shows how these risks
interact with other enterprise risks. Cross-functional
mapping across Facilities Management, HR, Data
Privacy, and Business Resilience helps ensure
appropriate investments and mitigation controls.
ESG-related Risks
Risks related to our material topics are integrated into
the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework
by design. These risks are usually identified
using both qualitative and quantitative methods,
including megatrend analysis, SWOT studies,
materiality assessments, stress testing, and what-if
scenario analysis and can be viewed in the above
section. Some examples are risks related to People
Operations, Data Privacy, Cybersecurity, Technology
& Innovation, and third-party (Suppliers). Environment
& Climate risks are addressed under ESG risks.
A single integrated data model connects these risks to
risk owners, reporting lines, controls, testing processes,
compliance requirements, and strategic objectives.
This integrated approach helps us manage ESG challenges
and capture opportunities in the low-carbon transition.
Climate-related Risks
Climate-related risks are risks associated with a changing
climate that have the potential to negatively impact an
organization s assets, operations, and financial performance,
requiring strategic adjustments toward a lower-carbon
economy. These risks are further categorized into physical
and transition risks.
Our most recent climate risk assessment, aligned with TCFD
recommendations and IFRS S2 Climate-related Disclosures,
was conducted in 2025-26 to identify key climate-related
risks, opportunities, and their operational impacts. A detailed
report can be found here.
Physical Risk
Physical risks refer to the impact of climate events on a
company s infrastructure and its upstream and downstream
value chain. For physical climate risks, we adopted the
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Sixth
Assessment Report (AR6) climate scenarios, based on
Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSPs). Financial impacts
and losses were estimated for floods, wind, and wildfires,
extreme heat and water stress.
SSP1 2.6
(Optimistic)
SSP2 4.5
(Business-
as-Usual)
A sustainability-led pathway with
low emissions, resulting in around
2 C warming.
A pathway based on historical
trends with uneven development,
resulting in moderate challenges
and 4.5 W/m radiative forcing.
SSP5 8.5
(Pessimistic)
A high-emission, fossil fuel-driven
pathway with significant challenges,
resulting in 8.5 W/m radiative forcing.

Transition Risk
Transition risks are related to economic, social, regulatory, or even geopolitical risks emerging from the transition towards a
low-carbon economy and a more sustainable business. For transition risks and opportunities, we have adopted the Network
for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) climate scenarios across Orderly, Disorderly, and Hot House World Climate
scenarios, represented by Net Zero by 2050, delayed transition, and current policies across short-term, medium-term, and
long-term horizons, which provide standardized pathways built on varying assumptions regarding policy ambition, timing,
coordination, and technology progress.
A consolidated report of the outcomes of physical climate risk assessment specific to the long-term (2050) period under the SSP1-2.6 (low emissions) and
SSP5-8.5 (very high emissions) scenarios can be found here.
*Note: The scope covers 55 locations globally, including 25 in India and 30 international. An in-depth climate risk assessment was conducted for 21 critical
locations. These 21 locations are deemed critical based on total asset value and employee strength) across India, the United Kingdom, and the Philippines.
Climate
Risk
Exposure
by Region
and Type*
Potential
Impact
Extreme weather events
Increasing frequency and intensity
of extreme weather events such as
urban floods, heatwaves, cyclones,
and wildfires may lead to business
interruptions, service delivery delays,
and infrastructural damage.
Water stress
Extreme heat could increase operating
costs by augmenting our cooling needs
and increasing energy consumption
to ensure processes and equipment
operate efficiently.
Water stress could lower the
efficiency of some of our processes,
impact our operations, and increase
our water procurement costs.
Extreme heat
Mitigation/
Adaptation
Efforts

Enhanced stormwater drainage,
created flood-resilient landscaping,
and reinforced structures to
mitigate floods and cyclones.

Elevated critical infrastructure
(server rooms) with added
waterproofing and backup
power systems.

Reduced heatwave exposure
through smart building design and
energy-efficient cooling measures.
We have prioritized energy-efficient
building designs that incorporate
passive cooling techniques, reflective
roofing, and optimized insulation.
Additionally, we have deployed
smart heating, ventilation, and
air conditioning (HVAC) systems
to dynamically regulate indoor
temperatures while minimizing energy
consumption across our facilities.
Implemented wastewater
recycling, low flow fixtures,
and rainwater harvesting to
enhance water conservation and
groundwater recharge.
Conduct seasonal water audits
and risk assessments to anticipate
supply variability and optimize
water usage.
Physical
Risk
Acute Risk
Chronic Risk
Globally, across India and the Asia
Pacific, sites face elevated acute
exposure to floods and wind/cyclones .
Extreme heat is the predominant
chronic risk, with higher exposure in
the Americas and the southern states
of India.
Water stress is the predominant
chronic risk for international
and domestic sites, with higher
exposure in southern India.
Risk Mapping - Severity Level : Lowest Low Medium High Highest

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
OUR APPROACH TO MANAGING RISK
The material risks related to transition climate-related risks span across the subcategories illustrated below:
Policy
and Legal
Risks
Technology
Risks
Transition
Risk
Risk Type (Risk Level) and Potential Impact
Mitigation/Adaptation Efforts
Business Continuity and Resilience Planning
Our ISO 22301-aligned Business Continuity Management
System (BCMS) ensures operational resilience. Initiatives like
rainwater harvesting, stormwater management and climate-
friendly buildings to combat heat stress help us combat
climate risks while furthering our progress toward Net Zero.
For details on the performance of Wipro s assured ESG
and climate-related parameters, refer to the Environment
Sustainability section on page 72 of this Report.
In addition, we also have metrics and targets to track our goals
against the Social and Governance parameters. These details
are articulated on page 66.
Future Outlook
As the results of our climate risk assessment emerge, these
risks will be cascaded across functions to acknowledge the
risk and build resilience. Our commitment to IFRS S2 will drive
enhanced disclosures, ensuring transparency as we pursue
sustainable value creation and a resilient future.
Carbon pricing
Rising AI-led energy demand
Own operations: Electricity costs directly drive OPEX
and margins.
Value chain: Carbon pricing raises vendor costs, increasing
service delivery costs and margin pressure.
AI/ML workloads are driving higher energy demand, increasing
operating costs and climate exposure.
While direct exposure is moderate, rising energy use may
pressure margins unless offset by efficiency gains.
94% renewable energy reduces carbon cost exposure;
targeting 100% by 2030 to eliminate fossil fuel
price risks.
Manage rising vendor energy costs through supplier
engagement, sustainable procurement, and improved
visibility of vendor emissions and efficiency.
We are increasing the share of renewable energy
in our energy mix and are continuously enhancing
our energy efficiency measures, which are expected
to reduce emissions related to increased energy
consumption. Green coding principles will enhance
efficiency and reduce energy consumption.
Multi-jurisdictional climate disclosures
Mandatory multi jurisdiction climate disclosures increase
reporting complexity due to varying frameworks and standards.
Global compliance (EU, U.S., India) drives higher compliance
costs, ESG system investments, and operating expenses with
limited direct revenue impact.
Growing preference for low carbon solutions, driven by
regulatory pressure and ESG commitments.
High exposure to shifting customer demand, as sustainability
is increasingly embedded in vendor selection and
delivery expectations.
Drives both risk and opportunity supporting revenue growth and
competitiveness if addressed, but risking revenue loss if not.
SBTi aligned net zero commitment by 2040; failure to deliver
may lead to revenue loss, fewer deal wins, and adverse impacts
on investor confidence and ESG ratings.
We expect a strong alignment with ISSB, TCFD, BRSR,
and integrated reporting to reduce our incremental
compliance effort, and anticipate a reduction in
duplication over time due to increased global
convergence in sustainability standards and metrics.
We are developing strong capabilities in sustainability
consulting, green IT, and carbon measurement
solutions, and positioning ourselves to benefit from
increasing demand as sustainability becomes core to
Digital Transformation
We are committed to making sustained and strong
progress on significant greenhouse gas (GHG) emission
reductions and higher adoption of renewable energy.
Continued alignment with our science-based targets
enhances our credibility and reduces exposure to
long-term transition risk.
Market
Risks
Reputational
Risks
Transition in customer demand toward sustainable solutions
Failure to meet ESG and net zero commitments
Risk Mapping - Severity Level : Lowest Low Medium High Highest

Key Financial and Market Risks Report
Taxation Risks
Our profits for the period earned from services delivered at client
premises outside India may be subject to taxation in the country
where such services are performed. Most of our taxes paid in
countries other than India can be applied as credits against our
Indian tax liability, to the extent the same income is subject to
taxation in India.
Currently, we benefit from certain tax incentives under Indian tax
laws, including a tax holiday from payment of Indian corporate
income taxes for our businesses operating from designated SEZs.
Wage Pressure
Our wage costs in India have historically been significantly lower
than wage costs in the U.S. and Europe for comparably skilled
professionals, and this has been one of our competitive advantages.
However, wage increases in India could erode this advantage and
adversely impact our profit margins.
We have historically experienced significant competition for talent
from multinational corporations with offshore operations in India,
as well as from domestic organizations. As a result, we may need
to increase the levels of our employee compensation more rapidly
than in the past to retain talent. In addition, once the effective date
is notified by the Government of India, we may also experience
increased costs in future years for employment and post-
employment benefits in India as a result of the issuance of The Code
on Social Security, 2020. Unless we continue to improve workforce
productivity and efficiency over the long term, wage increases may
reduce our profit margins. Our profits could also be impacted by any
inability to increase the proportion of less-experienced employees
or to access talent from other cost-effective locations such as
Eastern Europe, China, and Southeast Asia.
Credit Risk
Credit risk arises from the possibility that customers may be
unable to meet their obligations as agreed. To manage this risk,
we periodically assess the credit rating and financial reliability of
customers, considering the financial condition, current economic
trends, forward-looking macroeconomic information, analysis of
historical bad debts and ageing of accounts receivable. No single
customer accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable
as of March 31, 2026, or revenues for the year ended March 31,
2026. There is no significant concentration of credit risk.
Foreign Currency Risk
We operate globally, and a significant portion of our business is
transacted in several currencies. Consequently, we are exposed
to foreign exchange risk through payments received for sales and
services provided in the United States and other regions, as well as
purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies.
The exchange rate risk primarily arises from foreign exchange
revenue, receivables, cash balances, forecasted cash flows,
payables and foreign currency loans and borrowings. A significant
portion of our revenue is in U.S. Dollars, Pound Sterling, Euros,
Australian Dollars and Canadian Dollars, while a substantial portion
of our costs is incurred in Indian Rupees.
The exchange rates between the Indian Rupee and these currencies
have fluctuated significantly in recent years and may continue to
fluctuate in the future. Any appreciation of the Indian Rupee against
these currencies could adversely affect our results of operations.
Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk primarily arises from floating-rate investments and
borrowings, including various revolving and other lines of credit.
As our investments are predominantly short-term in nature, they are
not exposed to significant interest rate risk. From time to time, we
manage our net exposure to interest rate risk relating to borrowings
by entering into interest rate swap agreements, which allows IT
to exchange periodic payments based on a notional amount and
agreed-upon fixed and floating interest rates.
Counterparty Risk
Counterparty risk encompasses issuer risk on marketable securities,
settlement risk on derivative and money market contracts and
credit risk on cash and time deposits. Issuer risk is minimized by
only buying securities in India that are at least AA-rated by Indian
rating agencies. Settlement and credit risk are reduced by the
policy of entering into transactions with counterparties that are
usually banks or financial institutions with acceptable credit ratings.
Exposure to these risks is closely monitored and maintained within
predetermined parameters. There are limits on credit exposure
to any financial institution. The limits are regularly assessed and
determined based on credit analysis, including financial statements
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that we will not be able to
settle or meet our obligations on time or at a reasonable price.
Our corporate treasury department is responsible for liquidity
and funding as well as settlement management. In addition,
processes and policies related to such risks are overseen by senior
management. Management monitors the Company s net liquidity
position through rolling forecasts based on expected cash flows.
As of March 31, 2026, our cash and cash equivalents are held with
major banks and financial institutions.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT
Dear Members,
IT gives me immense pleasure to present the 80th Board s Report of Wipro Limited
(the Company ), on behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), along with the
Balance Sheet, Profit and Loss account and Cash Flow statements, for the financial
year ended March 31, 2026.
Financial Performance

On a consolidated basis, your Company s sales increased to H 926,240 Million
for the current year as against H 890,884 Million in the previous year, recording
an increase of 3.97%. Your Company s net profit increased to H 132,655 Million
for the current year as against H 132,180 Million in the previous year, recording
an increase of 0.36%.

On a standalone basis, your Company s sales increased to H 713,451 Million for the
current year as against H 685,750 Million in the previous year, recording an increase
of 4.04%. Your Company s net profit increased to H 121,296 Million in the current year
as against H 109,131 Million in the previous year, recording an increase of 11.15%.

Key highlights of the financial performance of your Company
for the financial year 2025-26 are provided below:
(C in Millions)
Particulars
Standalone
Consolidated
Sales
713,451
685,750
926,240
890,884
Other Income
47,491
39,477
38,737
38,840
Operating Expenses
(601,890)
(579,102)
(791,812)
(755,021)
Share of net profit/(loss) of associates
accounted for using the equity method
-
Profit before Tax
159,052
146,125
173,422
174,957
Provision for Tax
(37,756)
(36,994)
(40,767)
(42,777)
Net profit for the year
121,296
109,131
132,655
132,180
Other comprehensive (loss)/income
(8,665)
35,522
4,148
Total comprehensive income for the
112,631
109,688
168,177
136,328
Total comprehensive income for the
period attributable to:
-
Equity holders
112,631
109,688
167,250
135,480
Appropriations
Dividend
115,206
62,750
115,206
62,750
Equity Share Capital
20,977
20,944
20,977
20,944
Earnings per equity share
- Basic
11.59
10.44
12.60
12.56
- Diluted
11.55
10.40
12.56
12.52

Note: The standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year
ended March 31, 2026, have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards
(Ind AS) as notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and as amended from time to time.

The comparative standalone figures for the previous year have been restated, as detailed in the note
under the section 'Transfer to Reserves'.
Board s Report

Transfer to Reserves

Appropriation to Reserves for the financial year ended
March 31, 2026, as per standalone and consolidated
financial statements are as follows:
(H in Millions)
Particulars
Standalone*
Consolidated**
Net profit for the year
121,296
132,655
Balance of Reserves at the
beginning of the year
613,930
802,697
Balance of Reserves at the
615,820
859,206

*Pursuant to the Order dated June 6, 2025 of the Hon ble National
Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru Bench, the scheme of amalgamation
for the merger of the wholly owned subsidiaries, namely Wipro HR
Services India Private Limited, Wipro Overseas IT Services Private
Limited, Wipro Technology Product Services Private Limited, Wipro
Trademarks Holding Limited and Wipro VLSI Design Services India
Private Limited, with and into Wipro Limited, was approved. Under the
scheme, the appointed date is April 1, 2025. The Scheme has been
accounted for under the Pooling of Interests Method prescribed under
Appendix C to Ind AS 103, Business Combinations. Accordingly, prior
period figures have been restated to give effect to the merger as if IT
had occurred from the beginning of the preceding financial period, i.e.,
April 1, 2024.

Consequently, the carrying values of the assets, liabilities and reserves
of these entities, as appearing in the consolidated financial statements
of Wipro Limited, have been recognized in the standalone financial
statements of Wipro Limited with effect from April 1, 2024.

**Excluding non-controlling interest.

For complete details on movement in Reserves and Surplus
during the financial year ended March 31, 2026, please
refer to the Statement of Changes in Equity included in
the Standalone and Consolidated financial statements
on page 206 to 208 and 312 to 315 respectively of this

Share Capital

As on March 31, 2026, your Company s paid-up equity
share capital stood at H 20,977 Million consisting of
10,488,412,458 equity shares of H 2 each.

During the financial year under review, there was an
increase in the paid-up equity share capital of the
Company. Details are provided below:
Particulars
No. of Shares
Amount in H
Paid up equity share capital
as on April 1, 2025
10,472,136,049 20,944,272,098
Equity Shares allotted
pursuant to exercise of stock
options*
16,276,409
32,552,818
Paid up equity share capital
as on March 31, 2026
10,488,412,458 20,976,824,916

*The equity shares allotted ranked pari-passu with the existing equity
shares of the Company.

Subsidiaries, Associate and Joint venture

As on March 31, 2026, your Company had 148 subsidiaries,
1 associate and 1 joint venture. In accordance with
Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, a statement
containing salient features of the financial statements of
the subsidiary companies in Form AOC-1 is provided at
page 409 to 415 of this Annual Report. The statement also
provides subsidiaries incorporated during the financial
year, details of performance and financial position of each
of the subsidiaries, associate and joint venture. There has
been no material change in the nature of the business of
the subsidiaries. The details pertaining to restructuring
activities during the financial year are provided on
page 127 to 128 of this Annual Report.

Audited financial statements together with related
information and other reports of each of the subsidiary
companies are available on the website of the Company
at https://www.wipro.com/investors/annual-reports/.

Your Company, in the ordinary course of business and
based on funding requirements, provides financial support
to its subsidiaries through equity, loans, guarantees
and/or other appropriate means to meet their working
capital requirements.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT

In terms of the Company s Policy on determining
material subsidiary, during the financial year ended
March 31, 2026, Wipro, LLC was determined as a
material subsidiary whose net worth exceeds 10%
of the consolidated net worth of the Company in the
immediately preceding financial year.

Further details on the subsidiary monitoring framework
have been provided as part of the Corporate
Governance report.

Particulars of Loans, Guarantees and
Investments

Pursuant to Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013
and Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended
from time to time ( Listing Regulations ), disclosure
on particulars relating to Loans, Guarantees
and Investments are provided as part of the
II. Business and Operations

Celebrating 80 years of innovation, your Company
is a purpose-driven, global technology services and
consulting firm employing over 240,000 experts in 65
countries across six continents, helping customers,
colleagues, and communities thrive in an ever-
changing world.

We are recognized globally for our strong commitment
to improving the communities we live and work in. The
economic interest of two-thirds of the Company's
shares is earmarked for philanthropy through the Azim
Premji Foundation working towards developing a just,
equitable, humane, and sustainable society. We are
globally appreciated for our unwavering commitment
to sustainability. As a founding member of 'Transform
to Net Zero', the Company aims to achieve the goal of
zero-carbon emissions worldwide by 2040.

As part of our solutions, we bring together our deep
industry knowledge, technology expertise, best-
of-breed partners and start-ups, and hyper-scaler
capabilities to solve the most complex problems for
our clients.

We believe AI is a transformative force that will
augment human capabilities and pave the way
towards new AI-first business models, improve
business productivity and enhance operational
efficiency. Your Company's goal is to be an AI-first
and AI in everything Company helping transform
ourselves and our clients.

Our IT Services segment provides a range of
AI-powered IT and IT-enabled services including AI
advisory, industry & functional consulting, AI native
development, customer centric design, modernization,
custom application development, infrastructure
services, cybersecurity services, data and analytics
services, business process services, research and
development, hardware and software design.

Our IT Products segment provides a range of third-
party IT products including computing platforms and
storage, networking solutions, enterprise information
security, and software products such as databases
and operating systems. These products allow us to
offer comprehensive IT system integration services
as a complement to our IT services offerings. Our
focus continues to be on consulting and digital
engagements while taking a more selective approach
to bidding for system integration engagements.

Business Strategy

Our vision is to be a trusted partner for our clients,
guiding them through their transformation journey
with a consulting-led and AI-powered approach,
and empowering them to become leaders in
their industries.

We have defined five strategic priorities to accelerate
growth in the IT Services segment:

1.
building large accounts in profitable markets,
prioritized sectors;

2.
sourcing, shaping and winning large deals with a
consulting-led, AI-Powered approach;

3.
differentiating with Wipro Intelligence ;

4.
building talent at scale; and

5.
the five pillars of client centricity. Our growth will
be supported by our focus on AI and Mergers
and Acquisitions ( M&A ).

Further information on your Company s IT services and
products offerings, industry and business overview are
presented as part of the Management Discussion and
Analysis Report ( MD & A Report ) from page 40 onwards
of this Annual Report.

Material Changes and Commitments
affecting the Business Operations and
Financial Position of the Company

The business environment demonstrated resilience
in the financial year 2025-26, as economic growth
moderated amid declining inflation and evolving trade
and geopolitical dynamics. While inflation eased across
most economies, services inflation remained sticky in
certain markets, resulting in a gradual and uneven pace
of monetary policy normalization. Growth in advanced
economies remained modest, while emerging economies
continued to outperform supported by capital flows, local
policies and domestic demand. Supply chains remained
under strain due to ongoing geopolitical fragmentation,
trade and tariff frictions.

Enterprises adopted a cautious approach to discretionary
spending, prioritizing cost discipline, productivity
improvement, and risk management. Clients increasingly
focused on cost takeout initiatives, vendor consolidation,
AI-led transformation, which impacted decision cycles and
deal structures. Demand for technology-led transformation
remained resilient where investments were linked to
operational efficiency, regulatory compliance, resilience,
and customer experience, prioritizing investments in
digital, cloud, and AI technologies.

Additional information regarding your Company s
business operations and financial position are provided
as part of the MD & A Report from page 40 onwards of this

Outlook

According to the NASSCOM Report, revenue for Indian
IT services sector is expected to grow 4.1% year-over-
year in financial year 2025-26. Growth is being driven
by enterprise-wide AI adoption, data center investments
and the expansion of Global Capability Centers ( GCCs ).
Enterprises are embedding AI across operations,
increasing data center capacity demand, and pivoting to
AI industrialization with domain-centric platforms. Future
growth will hinge on AI readiness, deep domain expertise,
and access to niche skills rather than volume-based hiring.

The NASSCOM Report estimates Engineering and
R&D ( ER&D ) services to grow by 7.7% year-over-
year in financial year 2025-26. This growth is driven by
the modernization of ER&D stack through platform-
driven, software-enabled models, alongside increased
investment in semiconductors and advanced technologies.
ER&D services expanded across the full phygital product
lifecycle with co-creation of physical IP via digital twins,
Internet of Things ( IoT ) and Generative AI ( GenAI ) to
drive design-to-manufacturing transformation. The focus
will shift from scale to deeper engineering expertise and
IP ownership, with growth powered by domain-specific
centers of excellence, pod-based delivery, and reusable
accelerators for faster time-to-market.

Global IT services spending will accelerate to 4.2%
year-over-year, driven by rising AI investments focused
on scalable deployments and ease in tariff and trade
pressures. Enterprises are moving beyond AI pilots
towards phased GenAI and agentic scaling, anchored
in measurable outcomes. Growth will be sector-specific
driven by depth of industry expertise, advanced AI
capabilities and ability to attract AI native talent. Industry
strategies are likely to consolidate around core strengths
while differentiating through platform led offerings,
services-to-solutions models, AI-led delivery models
with agentic abilities, outcome based pricing, micro
verticalization, and selective M&A. Hiring will shift from
volume to skills, emphasizing AI fluency, domain expertise,
and productivity-based workforce models.

Global IT service providers are equipped to support
enterprises across industries with a wide range of
technology and business process services powered by
AI across advisory, application development, customer
centric design, cybersecurity, cloud infrastructure,
data and analytics, engineering and research and
development ( R&D ). We expect the IT services industry
to continue supporting enterprises across key areas
such as enterprise AI and data modernization, scaling AI
adoption, cost optimization, vendor consolidation, cyber
resilience, process re-engineering, customer experience,
innovation in products, services and talent strategies for
an AI-first world.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT

Management Discussion and Analysis
Report

In terms of Regulation 34(2)(e) of the Listing Regulations,
your Company s MD & A report, capturing your
Company s performance, industry trends and other
material changes with respect to your Company and its
subsidiaries, wherever applicable, are presented from
page 40 onwards of this Annual Report. The MD&A
report incorporates the salient features of Integrated
Reporting prescribed by the International Integrated
Reporting Council ( IIRC ) .

The MD & A Report provides a consolidated perspective
of economic, social and environmental aspects material
to your Company s strategy and its ability to create
and sustain value to its key stakeholders and includes
aspects of reporting.

Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Report

Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing
Regulations and relevant circulars issued from time
to time, your Company provides the prescribed
disclosures in new reporting requirements on
Environmental, Social and Governance ( ESG )
parameters through the Business Responsibility
and Sustainability Report ( BRSR ) which includes
performance against the nine principles of the National
Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct which
are divided into essential and leadership indicators.
The BRSR is provided from page 514 onwards of this

The Company has undertaken an independent
assurance of the BRSR for financial year 2025-26. The
BRSR along with the assurance statement provided
by M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP (Assurance
Provider) confirming reasonable assurance of
Core attributes of the Business Responsibility and
Sustainability Report of the Company for financial year
2025-26 forms part of this Annual Report.
III. Material Events during the Year

Dividend

Pursuant to Regulation 43A of the Listing Regulations,
the Board has approved and adopted a Dividend
Distribution Policy. The Company s Capital Allocation
and Dividend Distribution policy is available on the
Company s website at https://www.wipro.com/content/
dam/nexus/en/investor/corporate-governance/
policies-and-guidelines/ethical-guidelines/capital-
allocation-and-dividend-distribution-policy.pdf.

Pursuant to the approval of the Board on July 17,
2025, your Company declared an interim dividend
of H 5 per equity share of face value of H 2 each, to
shareholders whose names were appearing in the
register of members as on July 28, 2025, being the
record date fixed for this purpose, after deduction
of applicable taxes. The dividend was paid on
August 8, 2025 and the total net cash outflow was
H 52,413.9 Million, resulting in a dividend payout of
43.2% of the standalone profits of the Company.

Further, your Company, on January 16, 2026, declared
an interim dividend of H 6 per equity share of face
value of H 2 each, to shareholders whose names were
appearing in the register of members as on January
27, 2026, being the record date fixed for this purpose,
after deduction of applicable taxes. The dividend was
paid on February 9, 2026 and the total net cash outflow
was H 62,923.2 Million, resulting in a dividend payout
of 51.9% of the standalone profits of the Company.

The aggregate interim dividend of H 11 per equity
share (H 5 declared in July 2025 and H 6 declared
in January 2026) shall be the final dividend for the
financial year 2025-26.

Your Company is in compliance with its Capital
Allocation and Dividend Distribution Policy as
approved by the Board.

Buyback

Pursuant to the approval of the Board at its
meeting held on April 16, 2026 and approval of the
shareholders by way of a special resolution dated
May 21, 2026, passed through postal ballot by
e-voting, your Company proposed to buyback up
to 60,00,00,000 (Sixty Crore) fully paid-up equity
shares of H 2 each of the Company being 5.72% of
the total paid-up equity share capital of the Company
at a price of H 250 (Rupees Two Hundred and Fifty
only) per Equity Share, for an aggregate amount
not exceeding H 1,50,00,00,00,000 (Rupees Fifteen
Thousand Crore only). The buyback is proposed to be
made from all existing shareholders of the Company
as on June 5, 2026, being the record date for the

buyback, on a proportionate basis under the tender offer
route in accordance with the provisions of the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of the Securities)
Regulations, 2018, the Companies Act, 2013 and rules

Acquisitions, Divestments, Investments
and Mergers

Mergers and acquisitions are an integral part of your
Company s business strategy because acquisitions help
IT leapfrog in strategic areas and capture high-demand
high-potential market opportunities.

Your Company s goal is to fast-track capability building in
emerging areas and accelerate its access and footprint in
identified markets. In the last few years, your Company
had concluded several acquisitions in the US, Europe
and APMEA. These acquisitions have strengthened your
Company s local presence, enhanced its capabilities,
and significantly improved its positioning in key markets
and segments.

Details of the transactions completed by your Company
during the financial year ended March 31, 2026 are
listed below:

1.
Acquisitions

In December 2025, the Company (through its
subsidiaries) acquired 100% shareholding of Wipro
Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly known as
Harman Connected Services, Inc.) (USA) along with
its subsidiaries and certain other assets.

2.
Restructuring and Scheme of Arrangement

In June 2025, the following wholly-owned
subsidiaries merged with and into Wipro Limited:

Wipro HR Services India Private Limited

Wipro Overseas IT Services Private Limited

Wipro Technology Product Services Private

Wipro Trademarks Holding Limited

Wipro VLSI Design Services India Private Limited

In September 2025, Grove Holdings 2 S.à r.l.
(Luxembourg) transferred 100% shareholding in
Capco Consulting Middle East FZE (UAE) to Wipro IT
Services UK Societas (UK).

In December 2025, Wipro Digital Inc. (USA) merged
with Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly
known as Harman Connected Services, Inc.) (USA).

In December 2025, Wipro Limited transferred its
entire holding in Drivestream India Private Limited
(India) to Drivestream Inc. (USA).

In March 2026, Rizing Consulting USA, LLC (USA)
merged with Rizing LLC (USA).

In March 2026, Capco RISC Consulting LLC (USA)
merged with The Capital Markets Company, LLC
(USA).

In March 2026, Cardinal US Holdings, Inc. (USA)
merged with Wipro IT Services, LLC (USA).

In March 2026, Cardinal US Holdings, Inc. (USA)
transferred its entire shareholding in Capco Consulting
Services LLC (USA) to The Capital Markets Company,
LLC (USA).

3.
Incorporation

In May 2025, Wipro (Tianjin) Limited (China) was
incorporated as a step-down subsidiary.

In August 2025, Wipro Digital Inc. (USA) was
incorporated as a wholly-owned subsidiary.

In January 2026, Wipro Business Services LLC (USA)
was incorporated as a step-down subsidiary.

4.
De-registration/Liquidation

In July 2025, Wipro Holdings Hungary Korlátolt
Felelősségű Társaság (Hungary), step-down subsidiary
of the Company has been voluntarily liquidated.

In October 2025, Aasonn Philippines Inc. (Philippines),
step-down subsidiary of the Company has been
voluntarily dissolved.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT

5.
Strategic Investments

Wipro Ventures, the strategic investment arm of
the Company, has continued to invest in early
to mid stage enterprise software companies.
These include startups that help enterprises
scale their AI adoption as well as improve their
cybersecurity posture.

As of March 31, 2026, Wipro Ventures has
invested in 42 companies, out of which IT
has exited 16 companies through successful
M&A transactions. In addition to direct equity
investments, Wipro Ventures has invested in
11 enterprise-focused venture funds in India,
the US, and Israel including Sapphire Ventures,
B. Capital, BoldStart Ventures, Glilot Capital
Partners, GTM Fund, Nexus Venture Partners,
Pi Ventures, Sorenson Ventures, SYN Ventures,
TLV Partners and Work-Bench Ventures.
IV. Governance and Ethics

Corporate Governance

Your Company believes in adopting best practices
of corporate governance. Corporate governance
principles are enshrined in the Spirit of Wipro,
which form the core values of Wipro. These guiding
principles are also articulated through the Company s
Code of Business Conduct, Corporate Governance
Guidelines, Charter of various sub-committees and
Disclosure policy.

As per Regulation 34 of the Listing Regulations,
a separate section on corporate governance
practices followed by your Company, together with
a certificate from M/s. V. Sreedharan & Associates,
Practicing Company Secretaries, on compliance
with corporate governance norms under the Listing
Regulations, is provided from page 158 onwards of
this Annual Report.

Board of Directors

Board s Composition and Independence

Your Company s Board consists of global leaders
and visionaries who provide strategic direction and
guidance to the organization. As on March 31, 2026,
the Board is comprised of two Executive Directors,
six Non-Executive Independent Directors and one
Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director.

The definition of Independence of Directors is derived
from Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations, the
New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) Listed Company
Manual and Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.
The Company has received necessary declarations
under Section 149(7) of the Companies Act, 2013
and Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations,
from all the Independent Directors stating that they
meet the prescribed criteria for independence.
After undertaking the requisite assessment and
upon examination of the relationships disclosed,
the following Non-Executive Directors continued as
Independent Directors

1.
Mr. Deepak M. Satwalekar (DIN: 00009627)

2.
Dr. Patrick J. Ennis (DIN: 07463299)*

3.
Mr. Patrick Dupuis (DIN: 07480046)*

4.
Ms. Tulsi Naidu (DIN: 03017471)

5.
Ms. Päivi Rekonen (DIN: 09669696)

6.
Mr. N. S. Kannan (DIN: 00066009)

*Dr. Patrick J. Ennis and Mr. Patrick Dupuis, completed their tenure
as Independent Directors of the Company with effect from close of
business hours on March 31, 2026.

During the year under review, the Non-Executive
Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship
or transactions with the Company, other than sitting fees,
commission and reimbursement of expenses, if any.

In the opinion of the Board, all our Directors possess
requisite qualifications, experience, expertise and
hold high standards of integrity. List of key skills,
expertise, and core competencies of the Board is
provided at page 162 of this Annual Report.

Meetings of the Board

The Board met six times during the financial year
2025-26 on April 15-16, 2025, May 22, 2025, July 16-
17, 2025, October 15-16, 2025, January 15-16, 2026 and
March 16, 2026. The necessary quorum was present for
all the meetings. The maximum interval between any
two meetings did not exceed 120 days.

Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

Completion of Tenure

Dr. Patrick J. Ennis and Mr. Patrick Dupuis completed
their tenure as Independent Directors of the Company with
effect from close of business hours as on March 31, 2026.

Appointment/Re-appointment

Pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors on
March 5, 2026, approved the appointment of Ms. Laura
Marie Miller (DIN: 11546063) as an Additional Director in
the capacity of Independent Director of the Company for
a period of 5 years with effect from April 1, 2026 to March
31, 2031, subject to the approval of shareholders. The
said appointment was approved by the Members of the
Company by way of a special resolution dated May 21,
2026, passed through postal ballot by e-voting.

Pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors, at
its meeting held over April 15-16, 2026, approved the
re-appointment of Ms. Tulsi Naidu as an Independent
Director of the Company for a second term of 5 years
with effect from July 1, 2026 to June 30, 2031, subject to
the approval of shareholders. The said appointment was
approved by the Members of the Company by way of a
special resolution dated May 21, 2026, passed through
postal ballot by e-voting.

Retirement by Rotation

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 152(6) of the
Companies Act, 2013 and the Articles of Association of
the Company, Mr. Azim H. Premji will retire by rotation
at the 80th Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) and being
eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment.

Key Managerial Personnel

Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 2(51) and 203
of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Srinivas Pallia, Chief
Executive Officer and Managing Director ( CEO & MD ),
Ms. Aparna Iyer, Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) and
Mr. M. Sanaulla Khan, Company Secretary continue to be
the Key Managerial Personnel ( KMP ) of the Company
as on March 31, 2026.

Committees of the Board

Your Company s Board has the following committees:

1.
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee is also the
Risk Management Committee

2.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which also
acts as Corporate Social Responsibility Committee

3.
Administrative and Shareholders/Investors
Grievance Committee (Stakeholders Relationship
Committee)

Details of terms of reference of the Committees,
Committee membership changes, and attendance of
Directors at meetings of the Committees are provided in
the Corporate Governance report from page 167 to 171
of this Annual Report.

Board Evaluation

In accordance with the requirements under the Companies
Act 2013, Listing Regulations, SEBI Guidance Note on
Board Evaluation, and Company s Corporate Governance
Guidelines, an annual performance evaluation of the
Board, its Committees, and individual Directors was
undertaken for financial year 2025-26. The process was
led by the Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee and the Lead Independent Director.

Criteria for evaluation

The process comprised a comprehensive evaluation
through a structured framework focusing on key
aspects of governance and effectiveness. IT covered the
adequacy of Board composition, including diversity,
independence and alignment of skills, as well as the
effectiveness of leadership and Committee structures.
The evaluation also reviewed the functioning of the
Board, including the quality of meetings, effectiveness
of deliberations and decision-making, and the adequacy
and timeliness of information flow, along with Board
dynamics such as communication, relationships and
engagement with Management, and assessed the
Board s oversight of strategy, risk management, business
performance, as well as its role in talent management and
succession planning.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT

In addition, the process included an assessment
of the effectiveness of Board Committees, their
contribution to Board deliberations, and the
functioning of individual Committees, together with
peer evaluation on Directors participation, expertise
and overall contribution.

Outcome of evaluation

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee
and the Board reviewed the evaluation outcome in
April 2026. The key highlights of the evaluation are
listed below:

The review highlighted strong confidence
in the Board s integrity, independence and
collaborative culture, and expressed appreciation
for the Chair s decisive and inclusive leadership,
while reaffirming strong overall performance with
consistently high ratings across key parameters,
including governance and financial oversight,
Board culture and openness of discussions,
effectiveness of Committees, and the quality of
Board processes such as meetings, information
flow, preparedness and follow-up on prior
year feedback.

The evaluation identified areas where further
strengthening would be beneficial. These
included deepening strategic dialogue on long-
term business models, enhancing risk discussions
at the Board level, and encouraging a greater
emphasis on active discussion and engagement
during meetings alongside the presentations.

The Board has outlined a set of actions to build
on these findings. Structured strategy sessions
are planned to sharpen focus on long term
priorities, while executive sessions and informal
interactions will remain an important way to
strengthen alignment with Management. The
Board also intends to place greater emphasis
on fostering richer dialogue during meetings,
ensuring that discussions are both forward
looking and constructive.

Policy on Director s Appointment
and Remuneration

The Board, on the recommendation of the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee, has framed the policy
for selection and appointment of Directors including
determining qualifications and independence of
a Director, KMP, Senior Management Personnel
( SMP ) and their remuneration as part of its charter
and other matters provided under Section 178(3) of
the Companies Act, 2013.

Pursuant to Section 134(3) of the Companies Act,
2013, the Nomination and Remuneration policy of the
Company which lays down the criteria for determining
qualifications, competencies, positive attributes
and independence for appointment of Directors
and relating to remuneration of Directors, KMP and
other employees is available on the Company s
website at https://www.wipro.com/content/dam/
nexus/en/investor/corporate-governance/policies-
and-guidelines/ethical-guidelines/wipro-limited-
remuneration-policy.pdf.

There has been no change in the policy during

We affirm that the remuneration paid to Directors,
KMPs, SMPs and other employees is in accordance
with the remuneration policy of the Company.

Policy on Board Diversity

The Board, on the recommendation of the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee, has framed a policy
for Board Diversity which lays down the criteria
for appointment of Directors on the Board of your
Company and guides the organization s approach to
Board Diversity.

Your Company believes that Board diversity basis
the gender, race and age will help build diversity
of thought and will set the tone at the top. A mix of
individuals representing different geographies,
cultures, industry experience, qualification and skill
sets will bring in different perspectives and help the

organization grow. The Board of Directors is responsible
for reviewing the policy from time to time. Policy on Board
Diversity has been placed on the Company s website at
guidelines/policy-on-appointment-of-directors-and-
board-diversity.pdf.

Risk Management

Your Company has implemented an Enterprise Risk
Management ( ERM ) framework based on globally
recognized standards and industry best practices. The
ERM framework is administered by the Audit, Risk and
Compliance Committee. The ERM framework enables
business to ensure strong business performance by
promoting a risk resilient culture, proactive management
of emerging risks and is supported by technology.
The framework governs all categories of risks, the
effectiveness of controls that have been implemented to
prevent risks and continuous improvement of systems and
processes to proactively identify and mitigate such risks.
Gartner, an independent analyst firm, has stated that:
Wipro has a strong focus on risk management, driven by
its office of the Chief Risk & Assurance Officer. They have
a comprehensive risk assessment model that provides
a 360-degree view of risks . Your Company was also
recognized as the Masters of Risk in IT/ITES Sector by the
CNBC - ICICI Lombard India Risk management awards.
For more details on the Company s Risk management
framework, please refer to page 112 to 117 of this

Cybersecurity

Cybersecurity risk management is an integral part of your
Company s overall enterprise risk management program.
Your Company s cybersecurity risk management program
is managed by its Chief Information Security Office
function. Your Company s cybersecurity risk management
framework is defined and implemented to identify, assess,
evaluate, treat, monitor, and report cyber risks across
your IT infrastructure, applications, platforms, intellectual
property, critical processes, technology solutions and
third-party services. Cybersecurity risk assessment results
and the status of the risk treatment plans are reviewed by
Management on a periodic basis.

Your Company assesses and governs the cybersecurity
program using select industry best practices and
frameworks including but not limited to, those from the
International Organization for Standardization ( ISO )
and the National Institute of Standards and Technology
( NIST ).

In view of increased cyberattack scenarios, your
Company s cybersecurity maturity is reviewed periodically
and the processes, technology controls are enhanced in
line with the threat landscape. Your Company s technology
environment is enabled with real time security monitoring
and layered security controls across end user machines,
network, applications and data.

Cybersecurity is a key aspect of your Company s risk
management processes and an area of focus for your
Company s Board of Directors and Management. The
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee regularly reviews
and discusses the Company s cybersecurity framework
and programs, the status of projects, results from third-
party assessments, and any material cybersecurity
incidents, to strengthen your Company s cybersecurity
posture with its Chief Information Security Officer, Chief
Information Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and Chief
Risk & Assurance Officer. The Audit, Risk and Compliance
Committee also reviews the implementation and
effectiveness of the Company s controls to monitor and
mitigate cybersecurity risks. In addition, your Company s
Board of Directors receives periodic updates, regarding
cybersecurity programs, as appropriate.

Compliance Management Framework

The Board has approved a Global Statutory Compliance
Policy providing guidance on broad categories of
applicable laws and process for monitoring compliance.
In furtherance to this, your Company has instituted
an online compliance management system within the
organization to monitor compliances and provide updates
to the senior management and Board on a periodic basis.
The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and the
Board periodically monitor status of compliances with
applicable laws.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT

Code for Prevention of Insider Trading

Your Company has adopted a Code of Conduct to
regulate, monitor and report trading by designated
persons and their immediate relatives as per the
requirements under the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,
2015 ( PIT Regulations ). This Code, inter alia, lays
down the procedures to be followed by designated
persons while trading/dealing in Company s shares
and sharing Unpublished Price Sensitive Information
( UPSI ). The Code covers the Company s obligation
to maintain a structured digital database, mechanism
for prevention of insider trading and handling of UPSI,
and the process to familiarize with the sensitivity of
UPSI. Further, IT also includes Code for practices and
procedures for fair disclosure of UPSI which has been
made available on the Company s website at https://
www.wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/investor/
corporate-governance/policies-and-guidelines/
ethical-guidelines/12765-code-of-practices-and-
procedures-for-fair-disclosure-of-upsi.pdf.

Vigil Mechanism

Your Company has adopted an Ombuds process as a
channel for receiving and redressing complaints from
employees, Directors and other individuals associated
with the Company, as per the provisions of Section
177(9) and (10) of the Companies Act, 2013, Regulation
22 of the Listing Regulations and Regulation 9A of the
PIT Regulations.

Under this policy, your Company encourages its
employees to report any incidence of fraudulent
financial or other information to the stakeholders,
reporting of instance(s) of leak or suspected leak
of UPSI, and any conduct that results in violation of
the Company s code of business conduct, to the
Management (on an anonymous basis, if employees
so desire). Further, your Company has prohibited
discrimination, retaliation, or harassment of any kind
against any employee who reports under the Vigil
Mechanism or participates in the investigation.

Awareness of policies is created by, inter alia, sending
group mailers highlighting actions taken by the
Company against the errant employees. Mechanism
followed under the Ombuds process has been
displayed on the Company s intranet and website
at https://www.wipro.com/investors/corporate-
governance/policies-and-guidelines/.

All complaints received through Ombuds process
and investigative findings are reviewed and approved
by the Chief Ethics Officer. All employees and
stakeholders can also register their concerns either
by post/courier to the Company s registered office or
by sending an email to ombuds.person@wipro.com
or through web-based portal at www.wiproombuds.
com. Following an investigation of the concerns
received, a decision is made by the appropriate
authority on the action to be taken basis the findings
of such investigation. In case the complainant is non-
responsive or fails to provide requisite data necessary
to initiate the investigation for more than 15 days, the
concern may be closed without further action.

The table below provides details of complaints
received/disposed during the financial year
2025-26:
No. of complaints pending at the beginning of
financial year
No. of complaints filed during the financial year
No. of complaints disposed during the financial
No. of complaints pending at the end of the
financial year

All cases were investigated, and actions taken as
deemed appropriate. Based on self-disclosure data,
25% of these cases were reported anonymously.

The top categories of complaints were relating to
inconsistent workplace conduct at 36%, followed
by internal policy non-adherence at 32% and other
impropriety at 15%. Commensurate actions as per
the disciplinary code of the Company were initiated
against such employees while in other cases IT was
resolved through engagement of other internal
functions or mediation or closed without any action
since they were unsubstantiated.

The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee periodically
reviews the functioning of this mechanism. No personnel of
the Company were denied access to the Audit, Risk and
Compliance Committee.

Information Required under The Sexual
Harassment of Women at Workplace
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
Act, 2013

Your Company is committed to providing a safe, non-
discriminatory and non-hostile work environment that is
free from any form of intimidation or harassment that is
sexual in nature. This is to maintain a workplace where
all the employees are considered equal and where the
dignity of each employee is respected and protected.

Your Company has constituted an Internal Complaints
Committee under the Sexual Harassment of Women at
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,
2013 and has a policy and framework for employees
to report sexual harassment cases at workplace. Your
Company s process ensures complete anonymity and
confidentiality of information. Adequate workshops and
awareness programmes against sexual harassment are
conducted across the organization.

The table below provides details of complaints
received/disposed during the financial year
2025-26:
No. of complaints at the beginning of financial year
No. of complaints filed during the financial year
No. of complaints disposed during the financial year
No. of complaints pending at the end of financial year
No. of cases pending for more than ninety days

Note: The figures in the table represent consolidated group level data
covering all gender categories and global workplace locations for the
financial year.

The policy on prevention of sexual harassment has
been placed on the Company s website at https://www.
wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/investor/corporate-
global-policy-on-prevention-of-sexual-harassment.pdf.

Credit Rating

Credit Rating details are available under the heading
Other Disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report
on page 182 of this Annual Report.

Related Party Transactions

Your Company has historically adopted the practice of
undertaking related party transactions only in the ordinary
and normal course of business and at arm s length as
part of its philosophy of adhering to highest ethical
standards, transparency, and accountability. In line with
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing
Regulations, the Board has approved a policy on related
party transactions, a copy of which has been placed on the
Company s website at https://www.wipro.com/content/
dam/nexus/en/investor/corporate-governance/policies-
and-guidelines/ethical-guidelines/Policy-for-related-
party-transactions.pdf. Prior approval of the Audit, Risk
and Compliance Committee and the Board is obtained
for all related party transactions. The details of all existing
related party transactions are placed on a quarterly basis
before the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and the
Board for review.

All contracts, arrangements and transactions entered by
the Company with related parties during financial year
2025-26 were in the ordinary course of business and on
an arm s length basis. There were no material contracts,
arrangements or transactions entered during financial
year 2025-26 that fall under the scope of Section 188(1)
of the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly, the prescribed
Form AOC-2 is not applicable to the Company for the
financial year 2025-26 and hence does not form part of
this report.

Details of transaction(s) of your Company with entity(ies)
belonging to the promoter/promoter group which hold(s)
more than 10% shareholding in the Company as required
under Para A Schedule V of the Listing Regulations are
provided as part of the financial statements.

There were no material transactions entered into with
related parties during the period under review, which may
have had any potential conflict with the interests of the
Company at large.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT

Pursuant to Regulation 23(9) of the Listing Regulations,
your Company has filed the reports on related party
transactions with the Stock Exchanges.

Directors Responsibility Statement

Your Directors hereby confirm that:

in the preparation of the annual accounts, the
applicable accounting standards have been
followed along with proper explanation relating
to material departures.

the Directors have selected such accounting
policies and applied them consistently and made
judgments and estimates that are reasonable
and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of
the state of affairs of the Company at the end of
the financial year and of the profit and loss of the
Company for that period.

the Directors have taken proper and sufficient
care for the maintenance of adequate accounting
records in accordance with the provisions of
the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the
assets of the Company and for preventing and
detecting fraud and other irregularities.

the Directors have prepared the annual accounts
on a going concern basis.

the Directors have laid down internal financial
controls to be followed by the Company and that
such internal financial controls are adequate and
operating effectively.

adequate systems and processes, commensurate
with the size of the Company and the nature of its
business, have been put in place by the Company,
to ensure compliance with the provisions of all
applicable laws as per the Company s Global
Statutory Compliance Policy and that such
systems and processes are operating effectively.

Wipro Employee Stock Option Plans/
Restricted Stock Unit Plans

Your Company has instituted various Employee Stock
Option Plans ( ESOPs )/Restricted Stock Unit ( RSU )
Plans, including the ADS Restricted Stock Unit Plan
2004 ( ADS Plan 2004 ), Wipro Employee Restricted
Stock Unit Plan 2005 ( RSU Plan 2005 ), Wipro
Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2007 ( RSU Plan
2007 ) and Wipro Limited Employee Stock Options,
Performance Stock Unit and Restricted Stock Unit
Scheme 2024 (the 2024 Scheme ) approved by the
Members of the Company on June 11, 2004, July 21,
2005, July 18, 2007 and July 18, 2024 respectively, to
attract, retain and motivate the best available talents
and to reward the employees for their performance.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee
administers these plans. The stock option plans are in
compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board
of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat
Equity) Regulations, 2021, as amended from time to
time ( Employee Benefits Regulations ), and there
have been no material changes to these plans during
the financial year. In case of any corporate action(s)
such as rights issues, bonus issues, split/consolidation
of shares, change in capital structure, merger/
demerger, the outstanding employee stock options,
performance stock units and/or restricted stock units,
granted/to be granted, shall be suitably adjusted.

Disclosures on various plans, details of options granted,
shares allotted upon exercise, etc. as required under
the Employee Benefits Regulations are available on
the Company s website at https://www.wipro.com/
investors/annual-reports/. No employee was issued
stock options during the year equal to or exceeding 1%
of the issued capital of the Company at the time of grant.

Your Company has received a certificate from the
Secretarial Auditors confirming implementation of
the plans in accordance with the Employee Benefits

Regulations. ESOP Plans of the Company are available
on the Company s website at https://www.wipro.com/
investors/esop-plans/.

Particulars of Employees

Information required pursuant to Section 197(12) of the
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel)
Rules, 2014 is provided as Annexure I to this report.

A statement containing, inter alia, the names of top ten
employees in terms of remuneration drawn and every
employee employed throughout the financial year and
in receipt of remuneration of H 102 lakhs or more and,
employees employed for part of the year and in receipt
of remuneration of H 8.50 lakhs or more per month,
pursuant to Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
is provided as Annexure II to this report.
V. Internal Financial Controls and Audit

Internal Financial Controls and their adequacy

The Board of your Company has laid down internal financial
controls to be followed by the Company and such internal
financial controls are adequate and operating effectively.
Your Company has adopted policies and procedures for
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business,
including adherence to the Company s policies, the
safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection
of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable
financial disclosures.

Statutory Audit

At the 76th Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) held on July
19, 2022, M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered
Accountants (Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) were
re-appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company for a
second term of five consecutive years from the financial
year 2022-23 onwards.

M/s. Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Statutory Auditors, have
issued an unmodified opinion on the financial statements
of the Company. There are no qualifications, reservations
or adverse remarks made by the Statutory Auditors, in
their report for the financial year ended March 31, 2026.

Pursuant to provisions of Section 143(12) of the
Companies Act, 2013, neither the Statutory Auditors nor
the Secretarial Auditors have reported any incident of
fraud to the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee during
the year under review.

Secretarial Audit

At the 79th AGM held on July 16, 2025, M/s. V. Sreedharan
& Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries
(Firm Registration Number: P1985KR14800) were
appointed as Secretarial Auditors of the Company for
a term of five consecutive years from the financial year
2025-26 onwards.

The Secretarial Audit Report in Form MR-3 for the financial
year ended March 31, 2026, is enclosed as Annexure III
to this Report. There are no qualifications, reservations
or adverse remarks made by the Secretarial Auditors in
the report.
VI. Key Awards and Recognitions

Your Company is one of the most admired and recognized
companies in the IT industry. Your Company has won
several awards and accolades, details of which are
provided at page 32 to 33 of this Annual Report.
VII. Social Responsibility and Sustainability

Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR )

Our vision of being a responsible corporation is based
on a bedrock of values and ethical principles backed by
rigorous good governance practices. Your Company s
values of integrity and respect as manifested in Spirit of
Wipro combined with the mindset of joint stewardship
with our customers, employees, investors, suppliers, and
communities have been at the heart of our progress.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT

Your Company chooses to work on societal concerns
that are foundational enablers of a life of dignity for
underserved communities in the cities we operate
from. Some of the key highlights for the financial year
2025-26 are articulated below:

Your Company s environmental stewardship
covers climate action, water efficiency, solid
waste management and campus biodiversity
all of which have shown significant progress.
Your Company is well-positioned on its climate
targets and net zero goals with a nearly 90%
renewable energy footprint in its operations and
a corresponding reduction in its greenhouse
gas footprint. Your Company continues to
strengthen its water conservation practices
and achieved a 4.3% reduction in absolute
consumption of freshwater on a year-to-year
basis even as returnto- office numbers ramped
up. More than 97% of the generated solid
waste is recycled safely as per regulatory and
industry norms. Your Company s community
initiatives are spread across 20 countries.
During the year, your Company supported the
work of nearly 188 partners in the domains of
Education, Primary Healthcare, Digital Skilling
and Urban Ecology creating positive outcomes
for nearly 5.95 Million* people, a significant
proportion of whom are children and women
from underserved communities.

Your Company s work in education spans a wide
range from early child-care to digital skilling for
college cohorts with a sharp focus on quality,
inclusion and equity. Some of the thematic areas
your Company supports are on Foundational
Literacy and Numeracy, Science, Technology,
Engineering, Math learning in schools, Digital
skilling in colleges and Sustainability Education.
Your Company s geographic presence in India
spans 26 States and 4 UTs where the work of
our local partners touches 2.89 Million* students,
including 148,467 children with disabilities.

Your Company s commitment to Inclusion
and Well-being spans the entire spectrum
from the workplace to its supply chain and to
communities. A salient example is the support
through gender and maternal care during the
year for 300,000 women of reproductive age,
taking the cumulative total to 1 Million women
supported since FY21.

Your Company supports important work that tries
to improve the livability of our cities for the urban
poor. Our network of 23 partners manages 27
projects across 12 cities, working on issues of
urban water, climate adaptation, biodiversity, and
waste management.

Based on the core idea of integrating well-
being, personal purpose and social impact, Be
the Change , the volunteering program we had
launched in 2024 has significantly expanded
in scale and scope. During the year, nearly
600 volunteering activities were organized
wherein 31,238 employees across India and
other geographies collectively contributed
~35,300 hours of volunteering in activities
such as assembling science kits for schools,
assembling menstrual kits and blood donation.
In addition, over 42,000 employees contributed
monetarily to our community programs, which
your Company matches on a 1:1 basis.

As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013,
your Company has spent H 2,274 Million towards its
CSR activities during the financial year 2025-26. Your
Company s report on CSR activities for the financial
year ended March 31, 2026 is set out in Annexure IV of
this report in the format prescribed in the Companies
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.
We affirm that the implementation and monitoring of
CSR activities is in compliance with the Company s
CSR objectives and policy.

*Note: The KPIs are on a cumulative basis for the decade
starting from FY21.

Particulars regarding Conservation of
Energy and Research and Development
and Technology Absorption

Details of steps taken by your Company to conserve
energy through its Sustainability initiatives, Research and
Development and Technology Absorption have been
disclosed as part of the MD & A Report.
VIII. Disclosures

Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgoings

During the financial year 2025-26, your Company s foreign
exchange earnings were H 688,950 Million and foreign
exchange outgoings were H 305,824 Million as against
H 640,665 Million of foreign exchange earnings and
H 298,829 Million of foreign exchange outgoings for the
financial year 2024-25.

Annual Return

Pursuant to Section 92(3) and Section 134(3)(a) of the
Companies Act, 2013, the Company has placed a copy of
the Annual Return as of March 31, 2026, on its website at
https://www.wipro.com/investors/annual-reports/.

Other Disclosures

Your Company has not accepted any deposits from the
public and as such, no amount on account of principal
or interest on public deposits was outstanding as on
the date of the balance sheet.

Your Company has not issued shares with differential
voting rights and sweat equity shares during the year
under review.

Your Company has complied with the applicable
Secretarial Standards relating to Meetings of the
Board of Directors and General Meetings during

Maintenance of cost records and requirement of cost
audit as prescribed under the provisions of Section
148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable
to the business activities carried out by the Company.

There are no significant material orders passed
by any Regulator/Court which would impact the
going concern status of the Company and its
future operations.

Details of unclaimed dividends and equity shares
transferred to the Investor Education and Protection
Fund Authority have been provided as part of the
Corporate Governance report.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, there are no
proceedings initiated/pending against the Company
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016
which can have a material impact on the business of

There were no instances where your Company
required the valuation for one time settlement in
connection with availment of loan from the Banks
or Financial institutions.

There was no failure to implement any Corporate
Action during the year.

There have been no material changes and
commitments affecting the financial position of the
Company that have occurred between the end of the
financial year to which the financial statements relate
and the date of this report.

All Board Members, KMPs and SMPs have affirmed
compliance with the Code of Business Conduct as
on March 31, 2026.

The securities of the Company were not suspended
from trading anytime during the year.

m)
During the financial year 2025-26, there has been no
change in the nature of business of the Company.

n)
The CEO & CFO of the Company have issued the
necessary certificate pursuant to the provisions of
Regulation 17(8) of the Listing Regulations, for the
financial year 2025-26.

o)
The Board affirms that the Company remains fully
committed to upholding its Maternity Policy in
strict compliance with applicable laws, including
the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, and in alignment
with internal human resource protocols. The policy
is designed to support the health, well-being, and
work-life balance of women employees during and
after pregnancy.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT
Acknowledgements and Appreciation
Your Directors take this opportunity to thank the Company s customers, shareholders, suppliers, bankers, business
partners/associates, financial institutions, Central and State Governments, the concerned Regulators and other Statutory
Authorities for their consistent support and encouragement to the Company. The Directors also place on record their
sincere appreciation for the dedication, commitment and hard work of all employees of the Company, its subsidiaries and
associates. Their dedication and competence have ensured that the Company continues to be a significant and leading
player in the IT Services industry.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors,

Rishad A. Premji
Bengaluru
Chairman
June 2, 2026
(DIN: 02983899)

ANNEXURE I
Statement of Disclosure of Remuneration under Section 197 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 5(1) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
Remuneration paid to Whole-Time Directors ("WTDs")
Name of Director
Designation
2025*
Ratio of
MRE*
2025 (excluding value
of stock incentives)*
Ratio of
MRE (excluding
value of stock
incentives)*
Rishad A. Premji(1)
Chairman
(47)
76.58
(47)
76.58
Srinivas Pallia(2)
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(7)
523.96
(11)
278.36
MRE- Median Remuneration of employees
(1) Mr. Rishad A. Premji is entitled to a commission at the rate of 0.35% on the incremental consolidated net profits of the Company over the previous financial
year. However, the incremental consolidated net profits for financial year 2025-26, reflected a comparatively moderate increase as against the previous year.
Accordingly, while commission was determined in line with the approved framework, the overall impact on his remuneration represents a decline compared to
the financial year 2024-25.
(2) Mr. Srinivas Pallia s remuneration includes variable pay and Performance Stock Units (PSUs) linked to the achievement of the Company s performance
parameters, including revenue and profitability. Based on the performance outcomes for the year, the overall impact on his remuneration reflects a decline
when compared to the remuneration for financial year 2024-25.
Remuneration paid to other Directors
Name of Director
Designation
% increase/decrease of
remuneration in 2026 as
compared to 2025*
Ratio of remuneration
to MRE*
Azim H. Premji
Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director
(0.93)
11.19
Patrick J. Ennis(3)
Independent Director
3.83
26.63
Patrick Dupuis(4)
Independent Director
(4.92)
27.51
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Independent Director
8.26
20.79
Tulsi Naidu(3)(4)
Independent Director
19.36
27.18
Päivi Rekonen(3)(4)
Independent Director
14.17
21.18
N. S. Kannan
Independent Director
9.19
14.68
(3)The increase of remuneration in 2026 as compared to 2025 is due to exchange rate fluctuation.
(4)The change in remuneration in 2026 as compared to 2025 is due to changes in Committee Chairpersonship/Membership as detailed below:

With effect from July 1, 2025, Ms. Tulsi Naidu was appointed as Chairperson of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee in place of Mr. Patrick Dupuis.
Mr. Dupuis continued to serve as Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

With effect from October 1, 2025, Ms. Päivi Rekonen was appointed as a Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
The remuneration paid is as per the remuneration policy approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the
Company. The aggregate remuneration, including commission, paid to the Directors other than the Managing Director and Whole-
Time Director in a financial year is not exceeding 1% of the net profits of the Company, in terms of Section 197 of the Companies
Act, 2013 and computed in the manner referred to in Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT
Remuneration paid to other Key Managerial Personnel ("KMP")
Name of KMPs
Designation
% increase/
decrease of
remuneration in
2026 as compared
to 2025*
Ratio of
remuneration
to MRE*
2025 (excluding value
of stock incentives)*
Ratio of
MRE (excluding
value of stock
incentives)*
Aparna Iyer(5)
Chief Financial Officer
(7)
71.08
(2)
35.07
M. Sanaulla Khan(6)
Company Secretary
(17)
26.43
(12)
21.32
(5) The computation of remuneration to Ms. Aparna Iyer is on an accrual basis and includes the amortization of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted to
her, which will vest over a period of time. This also includes PSUs that will vest based on performance parameters of the Company.
(6)Remuneration includes perquisite value of RSUs exercised during the respective years.
Notes
1.
The MRE excluding WTDs was H 947,425 and H 978,516 in financial year 2025-26 and 2024-25 respectively. The
decrease in MRE excluding the WTDs in financial year 2025-26 as compared to financial year 2024-25 is 3.18%.
2.
The MRE including WTDs was H 947,425 and H 978,516 in financial year 2025-26 and 2024-25 respectively. The
decrease in MRE including the WTDs in financial year 2025-26 as compared to financial year 2024-25 is 3.18%.
3.
The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as of March 31, 2026, and March 31, 2025, was
242,156 and 233,346 respectively.
4.
The aggregate remuneration of employees excluding WTD increased by 0.7% over the previous financial year,
attributed to an increase in headcount.
5.
The Company affirms that the remuneration is paid as per the remuneration policy of the Company.
Variable Pay Compensation
The variable pay of executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, is based on clearly laid
out criteria and measures, which are linked to the desired performance and business objectives of the organization. The
criteria for variable pay, which is paid out quarterly/annually, includes financial parameters like revenue, profit achievement,
operating margin achievement and other strategic goals as decided by the Board, from time to time.
Apart from the variable pay component, long term (typically greater than one year) incentives granted to executive
officers, including the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, includes both time-based stock units (RSUs) and
performance-based stock units (PSUs).
The vesting of PSUs is based on performance parameters of the Company over a defined performance period and is
linked to predefined financial goals. Time-based stock units typically vest over a defined period. The vesting pattern and
schedule for both these types of stock units are as determined by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
Variable compensation for the CEO comprises of short term and long term incentives linked to business and financial
outcomes. The Short-term Incentive is determined annually based on achievement of metrics such as revenue, profit and
0.35% of incremental PAT, and is paid at year end subject to performance. Long term incentives are delivered through
PSUs, which vest over three years based on cumulative financial performance across revenue, EBIT and free cash flow,
with defined weightages.
The total rewards for the Chairman is designed to ensure the pay is reflective of market while taking into consideration
performance against goals. The pay consists of a mix of fixed salary and commission. The Chairman is entitled to a
commission at the rate of 0.35% on the incremental consolidated net profits of the Company over the previous financial year.

ANNEXURE II
Information as per Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
A) Top 10 employees in terms of Remuneration drawn during the financial year 2025-26
Name of the Employee
(DD-MM-YYYY)
Gross
Remuneration (H)
Qualification
Age
Experience
Last Employment
Designation
Srinivas Pallia# ^
1/2/1992
496,414,037
B.Tech., M.Tech.
First Employment
CEO and Managing Director
Rishad A. Premji
20/7/2007
72,550,535
B.A., MBA
Bain & Company
Chairman
Harish Dwarkanhalli
10/12/2019
57,959,868
BE
Cognizant
Technologies
President - Applications and
Data
Saurabh Govil
11/5/2009
55,856,255
B.Sc., PGDM -PM
& IR
GE India
President and CHRO
Jasjit Singh Kang
1/9/2018
55,106,898
MBA
WNS
Managing Partner and Global
Head Business Process Services
Aparna Iyer^
21/4/2003
67,346,460
CA
First Employment
Senior Vice President and CFO
Tejal Patil
22/8/2022
47,287,181
B.A. LL.B. Solicitor
GE South Asia
(GE India Industrial
Pvt. Ltd.)
Senior Vice President and General
Counsel
Sanjeev Kumar Jain
4/4/2023
46,156,610
Masters in
Industrial
Engineering
IBM
Chief Operating Officer
Devender Malhotra
23/8/2002
31,673,443
BE, PGD
Satyam GE
Software
Senior Vice President & Chief
Operating Officer - Technology
Services GBL
Nanda Kishore N
1/8/1994
29,296,814
BE, PG Diploma
Hypermedia Info
Systems
Chief of Delivery and Operational
Excellence
Notes
1.
Remuneration comprises salary, allowances, commission, performance based payments, perquisites and Company s contribution to provident fund
and super-annuation as per definition given in Section 2(78) of the Companies Act, 2013, paid during the year. IT also includes perquisites value of
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) exercised, if any, by employees.
2.
The nature of employment is contractual in all the above cases.
3.
In terms of proviso to Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, particulars of employees
posted and working in a country outside India, not being Directors or their relatives, have not been included in the above statement.
4.
Mr. Rishad A. Premji, who is in the employment of the Company, is the son of Mr. Azim H. Premji, Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director of
#Figures mentioned in H are equivalent of amounts paid in foreign currency, as may be applicable.
^ The remuneration is computed on an accrual basis. IT includes the amortization of RSUs granted to them, which vest over a period of time and PSUs that will vest based on performance
parameters of the Company.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT
B) Employees drawing Remuneration of K 102 lakhs or above per annum and posted in India
Name of the Employee
(DD-MM-YYYY)
Gross
Remuneration (H)
Qualification
Age
Experience
Last Employment
Designation
Aaradhya Yeluri
5/2/2024
10,258,901
B.Tech, PGDM
General Manager
Aathir Ahad
20/1/2003
14,386,095
BE
Bangalore Labs
Vice President and Chief
Information Security Officer
Abbas Zaki
18/11/2024
11,577,549
B.Com
Accenture Services
(P) Ltd.
General Manager & Practice
Delivery Head
Abhishek Jain
8/5/2008
13,294,339
CA
HSBC Bank
Corporate Treasurer and Head
Investor Relations
Ajay Bhaskar
1/4/2003
20,764,457
BE, MBA
Hindustan Lever Ltd.
Chief Strategy and Transformation
Officer
Amit Gautam
1/9/2018
15,629,353
MCA
WFX
Vice President -BFSI & HRO
Amit Kumar Bajaj
13/5/2021
10,305,277
ACA Accounts
Tagos Design
Innovations Pvt. Ltd.
General Manager
Animesh Sengupta
12/9/2006
10,280,397
B.Com
GE Capital
General Manager and Global
Head - Technology
Anindito De
6/6/2005
11,725,881
M. Tech, BME
Infosys
Vice President
Anirban Banerjee
1/1/2024
11,658,287
BE
Avanade Inc.
Vice President
Anurag Shrivastava
15/7/2011
11,053,370
BE
Reliance
Communications Ltd.
General Manager and Practice
Head
Arti Gupta
1/9/2023
10,659,999
B.Com (Hons),
MBA (Finance &
Marketing)
GE Healthcare
Head Strategy and M&A
Ashish Agrawal
1/9/2018
10,874,362
PGDBM
Alight HR Services
General Manager
Ashok Kumar Mittal
25/9/2006
19,500,983
CA
First Employment
Vice President & Chief Financial
Officer- Americas 2
Ateet Khosa
2/5/2007
12,280,806
B.E (E&TC), M.A
(PM&IR)
First Employment
Vice President
Balasubramani H
27/4/2023
11,811,378
M.S
Cognizant
Technology Services
General Manager & Practice
Head
Bhakti Sagar Pande
21/9/1998
11,822,960
BE (Electronics)
CMC Ltd.
Vice President and Delivery Head
Bishakha Bhattacharya
20/1/2025
11,278,455
Masters Degree-
Materials Science
Amazon Web
Services
General Manager
Byomokesh Tripathy
7/7/2014
20,152,044
MBA
GE Appliances and
Lighting
Chief Operating Officer - Wipro
Europe
Deepak Kumar Ladha
20/2/2020
10,999,771
BE, PGDBM
Aricent
General Manager

Name of the Employee
(DD-MM-YYYY)
Gross
Remuneration (H)
Qualification
Age
Experience
Last Employment
Designation
Dinesh Joshi
2/9/2024
11,045,566
MA in English,
PG in Mass
Communications
HP India
General Manager
Dinesh Wadehra
1/6/2021
27,629,649
BE, MBA, MS
Jones Lang Lasalle
Vice President
Gurpreet Singh Arora
1/9/2018
12,987,573
BE Mechanical
AonHewitt
General Manager and Senior
Practice Director
Guruprasad Bhat
6/2/2017
13,969,322
MMS (Finance)
DXC (Xchanging)
Vice President
Harish Kumar Balivada
4/8/2008
17,608,180
BE (Computer
Science)
Tata Consultancy
Services
Vice
President
Country
Delivery Head
Harish Singh
30/9/2021
13,747,200
PGDBA
Yes Bank
Vice President & Head - Business
Infrastructure Technology Mgmt,
Chief Operating Officer
Harsh Nagpal
1/9/2018
11,618,391
B.Com
Spectra Mind
General Manager
Jagmohan Singh Babra
4/4/2022
20,997,801
BE, MBA
Mercer Consulting
Vice President - Enterprise & Business
Process Services
Kanchan Ganorkar
30/9/2021
10,878,947
PG in Computer
Science &
Applications
ICICI Home Finance
General Manager
Kenny Kesar
1/6/2023
20,768,373
BE
SAP
Global Chief Information Officer
Krishnan Venkatesh
12/8/2021
13,185,539
B.S., PGDBA
Atos
Vice President and Chief Quality
Officer
Kumara Guru Shanmugam
16/10/2000
11,793,614
Diploma
Infocare Systems
General Manager
Kumaralingam M C
27/3/2023
24,718,430
BE
Kyndryl India Pvt. Ltd. Global Procurement Officer
Kuntaraju Vijaya Varma
13/2/2024
20,095,217
Diploma in EC
Aggne
Entity Executive
Kusum P
24/11/2022
11,382,677
Graduate of
Commerce
Genpact
General Manager & Practice
Delivery Head
Madhu Menon
27/1/2025
10,665,975
PG -Human
Resource
Management
Deloitte
Vice President and Global Head
Manish Grover
1/2/2023
10,389,906
BE, CFA
Skan.AI
General Manager and Delivery
Head
Manoj Madhusudhanan
7/7/2003
14,607,771
BE
Skanda Software
Global Head - Business Operations
Intelligence & DMTS Fellow
Mayank Jha
28/2/2024
12,079,988
Post Graduation
in Management of
Global Strategies
Highradius
Technologies
Senior Director Engineering
Meenal Gupta
28/11/2005
11,145,277
PGDBM (HR)
Grow Talent Company Vice President and HR Head -
Wipro Engineering Edge
Meeta Bedi
1/9/2018
14,033,323
B.Com
Alight HR Services
Vice President
Mohan Ram Rajan
19/5/2022
13,278,159
BE
Attune Consulting
Project Governance Director -
Rizing

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT
Name of the Employee
(DD-MM-YYYY)
Gross
Remuneration (H)
Qualification
Age
Experience
Last Employment
Designation
Mohit Sharma
4/9/2019
10,890,977
B.Tech (Electrical
Engineering)
Maersk
General Manager
Murali Parthasarathy
1/8/2012
17,445,346
BE
Allgreen Ecotech
Chief Operating Officer - Americas 2
Murlidhar Reddy Samala
18/11/2024
21,582,075
B.Tech., ECE
Altos
Senior Vice President
Namita Singhai
13/11/2024
23,467,441
Master Degree in
Management
Kyndryl
Vice President & Global Delivery
Head
Namrata Singh
27/2/2025
15,240,845
PGDMM
IBM India Pvt. Ltd.
Vice President - Sector Head BFSI
Narayan P S
12/6/1995
10,660,059
MBA
Asian Paints India
Vice President
Naveen Surapaneni
9/12/2019
13,034,934
PGPM, B.Tech
Reliance
Communications Ltd.
Sales Enablement Head
Navin Gadia
12/7/2006
21,189,175
CA
Atlas Shipping
Senior Vice President
Neelakantha Biradar
5/3/2001
12,661,145
M.Tech
ISRO
COO - WEE GBL
Pavan N Rao
3/10/2013
10,705,895
CA
GE International Inc.
Vice President and Head of
Internal Audit
Pawan Chaudhary
1/9/2018
13,010,025
B.Com
Alight Solutions
General Manager and Senior
Practice Director
Phanikumar Penukonda
2/5/2016
10,559,283
M.Sc. General
Science
Accenture
Vice President and Global
Delivery Head
Philip Kuruvilla
19/5/2022
10,548,149
BE Textiles
Attune Consulting
Senior Business Development
Director Fashion - Rizing
Prasad Gantasai
1/2/2006
28,614,792
BA, MSW
Isoft India
Senior Vice President and
CHRO - Technology Services
Pratibha Batchu
29/1/2024
13,215,661
BE
Bosch Global
Software
Technologies Ltd.
Vice President & Head
Preetam Bagi
26/9/2011
11,043,887
BE (Industrial
Engineering)
Aditya Birla Minacs
General Manager
Pushpa Ramachandran M
5/7/1999
13,316,089
Master of
Computer
Applications
First Employment
Vice President and Global Head AI
Raghuraman Ranganathan
21/2/2007
19,080,837
ACA, MIRM (UK)
KPMG
Vice President and Chief Risk &
Assurance Officer
Rahul Agarwal
15/4/1996
13,988,345
PGDM
Pentafour Software
Vice President & SDOE - Healthcare
& UHG, Americas 1
Ralph Jude Devadoss
12/9/2017
11,478,673
MA
HCL Technologies
General Manager and Head -
DOP Communications

Name of the Employee
(DD-MM-YYYY)
Gross
Remuneration (H)
Qualification
Age
Experience
Last Employment
Designation
Ramakrishnan V
26/10/2015
14,307,182
PGDM
Management
Genpact
Vice President & Head, Sales
Strategy & Transformation
Ramesh G Pai
9/10/2000
17,699,576
MS (Software
Engineering)
First Employment
Vice President and Global Head
Ravi Kumar
5/4/2024
11,292,662
BE
Kyndryl India Ltd.
General Manager & Account
Executive
Reshma Shetty
1/8/2022
10,828,070
B Sc., PGD-
Computer
Applications
Yes Bank
Entities - CIO
Reshmi Shankar
17/6/2019
18,316,775
Diploma (Hotel
Management)
Honeywell
Vice President and Head FMG
and CMF
Ritesh Hasmukh Shah
5/1/2023
25,176,208
CA
Capgemini
Chief Financial Officer - APMEA
Ritesh Sabharwal
27/9/2023
11,639,518
MBA
Ernst & Young LLP
Head - Function
Saamir Gupta
17/3/2025
14,653,270
B.Tech
Dow Jones
Managing Partner
Sachin Bora
7/7/2022
10,383,810
PGDBA (Marketing
Management), BE
(Industrial Engineering)
Reliance Commercial
Finance Ltd.
Head - Business Operations
APMEA
Samir Gadgil
9/10/2004
11,402,583
BE, MPM
Cedar Consulting
Vice President
Sanaulla Khan Mohammed
12/5/2015
25,864,828
M.Com, FCS
ICICI Prudential Life
Insurance Co. Ltd.
Senior
Vice
President
Company Secretary
Sandhya Arun
21/3/2016
12,659,342
MBA
Deloitte Digital
Chief Technology Officer
Sangeeta Kar
17/1/2000
11,301,213
BE
TCS
Vice President and Global
Delivery Head
Sarita Venkatesh
18/7/2022
10,643,094
Masters in
Business
Administration
Deloitte Consulting
General Manager
Satish Y
19/4/2000
25,234,374
BE
Jindal Vijayanagar
Steel Ltd.
Senior
Vice
President
Global Business Head - Cloud,
Infrastructure
Security
Services
Seshu Kumar G V
10/8/1998
13,265,688
B.Tech
ECIL
Vice President and Head
Platform Engineering & VDI ,
Wipro FSC & DMTS
Shirish Patil
8/1/2001
11,896,623
BE
(Instrumentation),
AMP
StockHolding
Corporation of India
Senior Partner
Somanath Ballari
22/6/2015
15,787,379
WISTA-MS Law
Avery Dennison
(India) Pvt. Ltd.
Vice President & Deputy General
Counsel
Somyajit Sethi
29/1/2024
14,785,164
Masters in
Business
Economics
InterGlobe Aviation
Vice President and Chief Ethics
Officer
Sonia Rajkumar Kakkar
15/2/2010
10,943,890
PGDHRM
Vice President

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT
Name of the Employee
(DD-MM-YYYY)
Gross
Remuneration (H)
Qualification
Age
Experience
Last Employment
Designation
Sreyans Jain
17/9/2013
11,934,607
PGDBA
WNS Global Services
General Manager & Head GTM -
AI & Immersive Operations
Srikumar Rao
29/6/1998
25,010,778
BE, PGSEM
First Employment
Managing Partner and Global
Business Line Head - Wipro
Engineering
Sriram Ranganathan
7/11/2005
23,631,032
CA
Cognizant
Technology
Senior Vice President and Global
Tax Head
Srivatsan Venkataramani
12/1/2012
17,027,172
PGDM (Finance)
Oracle Financial
Services Ltd.
Managing Partner
Sumit Taneja
8/5/2006
19,518,047
BA, PGD
Tata Motors Ltd.
Vice President
Sundararaman
Sankaranarayanan
18/6/2008
16,813,795
MS (Engineering
Management)
SAP America Inc.
General Manager and Innovations
Head - SAP
Suresh Kannan
4/7/2016
8,678,097
MS
Tata Consultancy
Services
Vice President & Delivery Head
Surya Prakash Mohapatra
25/7/2016
10,484,984
B.Com
HP Computing and
Printing Systems
General Manager and Head -
Talent Transformation
Sushil Agrawal
7/3/2005
15,810,807
CA and EMBA
(London Business
School)
Magma Leasing Ltd.
Vice President & Chief Financial
Officer -Europe
Tanmay Agarwal
17/4/2023
27,398,917
BE, MBA
Hindustan Coca Cola
Beverages Pvt. Ltd.
Vice President & Head Global
People Operations
Varun Dube
25/4/2005
11,398,314
BE
Oracle India
Vice President
Venkataraman Mahadevan
10/8/2004
22,569,042
B.Sc., Advance
Diploma in SMGT
NIIT Ltd.
Vice President & Global Head
Venkatraman E
18/9/2006
13,308,497
CA
First Employment
Vice President
Vijay Kumar K
28/2/2000
13,169,860
PHD (Elec &
Communication
Engineering)
Cadence Design
Systems
DMTS - Master
Vinod Kumar Narasimhaiah
19/5/2022
22,115,028
BE
Rizing
Global Technology Lead - Rizing
Vinodkumar R Vanga
6/9/2021
11,097,340
MCA
Yes Bank
General Manager
Vishal Dixit
3/12/2024
17,346,593
MBA
Coforge Ltd.
Vice President
Vivek Mehrotra
1/4/2022
23,077,107
B.Com (Hons), CA
Microsoft
Vice President Chief Financial
Officer Americas 1 & Wipro
Ventures
Yogesh Kulkarni
9/1/2020
11,106,814
Masters in
Computer
Management
Rapid7, India
General Manager and CISO -
IP and Platforms

C) Employed for part of the year with an average Remuneration of K 8.5 lakhs or above per month and posted in India
Name of the Employee
(DD-MM-YYYY)
Gross
Remuneration (H)
Qualification
Age
Experience
Last Employment
Designation
Amit Rangwani
1/8/2020
16,392,249
B.Tech (Computer
Engineering)
RBS Services India
General Manager
Anup G Purohit
24/5/2021
22,516,585
BE (Electronics)
Yes Bank
Chief Information Officer
Bhuvaneswari V
23/3/2023
14,132,297
ACA, CWA
CTS
Vice President
Dilip Dialani
13/6/2005
11,402,054
MFM
MBT
Chief Operating Officer -
Americas 1
Dipak Kumar Bohra
14/6/2002
47,191,420
B.Com, CA, ICWAI
Aditya Birla Group
Senior Vice President- Corporate
Treasurer and Investor Relations
Harsha Anand Almad
2/6/2025
17,030,827
MBA
BCG
Managing Partner
Indrajit Kar
28/7/2025
8,034,137
B.Sc.
A. RPG Company -
Zensar
General Manager & Engineering
Delivery Head
Kumar Rajan
1/9/2018
10,699,363
B.Com
Alight HR Services
General Manager
Laxmikant Bhole
22/7/2024
9,831,227
BE
BlueRidge Global
General Manager
Mohit B Lal
16/3/1999
6,141,046
B.Sc., MCA
MXSS DELHI
Senior Vice President and
Chief Operating Officer-FSC
Niloy Mukherjee
16/1/2020
19,086,614
M.Tech
Cognizant
Technologies
Vice President and Practice
Head
Nitin Kahol
14/8/2019
7,425,555
PGDM
Blackrock
General Manager & Account
Delivery Head
Pallavi Umrani
11/12/2006
7,436,226
BE (Computer
Engineering)
I. Flex
Vice President & Sector Delivery
Executive , CMI & Canada
Prasenjit Lahiri
5/1/1995
30,515,651
BE
TVS Electronics Vice President and Head
Prashanth M G
27/5/1992
32,363,544
BE
First Employment
Vice President & Global Head of
Delivery and Operations-CIS
Radhika Ananthakrishna
13/6/2022
9,126,769
B.Com
Unilog Content
General Manager
Raju Gopalan
13/7/2023
16,104,376
BE, MS (Software
Engineering)
Mindtree
Vice President
Rituparna Ghosh
15/3/2001
26,033,781
MBA (Business
Management)
ITpace.com
Vice President

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT
Name of the Employee
(DD-MM-YYYY)
Gross
Remuneration (H)
Qualification
Age
Experience
Last Employment
Designation
Ruchi Vijay
11/8/2025
7,223,657
MBA
Tata Medical and
Diagnostics Ltd.
Vice President
Sagar Jhalani
14/8/2019
9,100,598
MBA
Thoughtfocus
Information
Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Center of Excellence Director
Sanjay Sharma
3/9/2019
8,201,474
B.Sc, LLB & PGD
(Personnel
Management
& Industrial
Relations)
Nestle India Ltd.
General Manager
Santanu Ray
10/11/2025
7,145,881
BE
Stellantis
General Manager
Sathya Sovan Mohapatra
23/1/2026
3,973,273
B.Com, ICWA
Alliance Bernstein
Business Services
General Manager
Satish Raghammudi
19/11/2007
15,559,274
MBA (Operations
Information
Technology)
Infosys Technologies
Vice President & Global Delivery
Head
Shahana Sen Mishra
1/9/2023
8,673,376
B.Sc (Computer
Science)
JIO
General Manager & Practice Head
Sindhu Bhaskaran
20/3/2024
7,907,975
B.E (Information
Technology) and
Executive MBA
PGDBM
Accenture
General Manager & Practice
Head - Global AI Practice
Srinivasa Rao Gosala
2/12/2002
9,490,325
BE
Mphasis
General Manager and Head
Delivery Operations
Sriram Narasimhan
2/5/2022
21,757,997
MS (Computer
Information
Systems)
Fidelity Institutional
Investor Group
Senior Vice President
Sunita Cherian
4/11/1996
34,391,073
B.Tech., PGDBA
First Employment
Chief Culture Officer & Senior Vice
President - Human Resources
Swati Oberoi
6/11/2017
12,074,305
Business
Management
Science
Tata Consultancy
Services
General Manager
Ulhas Deshpande
2/5/2022
3,943,167
BE
Pricewaterhouse
Coopers Pvt. Ltd.
General Manager and Sales Head

Name of the Employee
(DD-MM-YYYY)
Gross
Remuneration (H)
Qualification
Age
Experience
Last Employment
Designation
Veena Srigopal
22/1/2024
7,957,472
BE
Exponent Dynamix
General Manager & Practice Head
Vikas Gupta
2/1/2024
17,229,858
BE
Senior Vice President and Head
-FSC
Vikram Singh
14/8/2019
9,157,438
MBA
Ameriprise India Pvt.
General Manager & Account
Delivery Head
Venkata Rao K
11/5/2000
4,603,288
B.Tech (Civil)
First Employment
General Manager and Sector
Delivery Head
Notes
1.
The above table contains details of employees in alphabetical order and does not include the details of remuneration drawn by the top 10 employees
as their details are provided in item (A) of Annexure II to this Board s Report.
2.
Remuneration comprises salary, allowances, commission, performance based payments, perquisites and Company s contribution to provident fund
and superannuation as per the definition given in Section 2(78) of the Companies Act, 2013, paid during the year. IT also includes perquisites value
of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) exercised, if any, by employees.
3.
The nature of employment is contractual in all the above cases.
4.
None of the employees employed throughout the financial year or part thereof, were in receipt of remuneration in that year, in which the aggregate,
or as the case may be at a rate which, in the aggregate, is in excess of that drawn by the Managing Director or Whole-Time Director or Manager and
hold by themselves or along with their spouse and dependent children, not less than two per cent of the equity shares of the Company.
5.
In terms of the proviso to Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, particulars of employees
posted and working in a country outside India, not being Directors or their relatives, have not been included in the above statement.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT
ANNEXURE III
Form No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
[Pursuant to Sub Section (1) of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
For the Financial Year Ended March 31, 2026
The Members,
Bengaluru - 560035
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the
compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the
adherence to good corporate practices by Wipro Limited
(CIN-L32102KA1945PLC020800) ( the Company ).
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided
us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/
statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company s books, papers,
minute books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company and also the information
provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized
representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we
hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during
the audit period covering the financial year ended on March
31, 2026 ( the audit period ) complied with the statutory
provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company
has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism
in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the
reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms
and returns filed and other records maintained by the
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026,
according to the provisions of:
The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules
The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956
( SCRA ) and the rules made thereunder.
The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and
Byelaws framed thereunder.
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and
the rules and regulations made thereunder to the
extent of Foreign Direct Investment and Overseas
Direct Investment. There was no External Commercial
Borrowing by the Company during the period under
review.
The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,
1992 ( SEBI Act ): -

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Regulations, 2011.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2018. (Not Applicable to the
Company during the Audit Period).

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat
Equity) Regulations, 2021.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not
Applicable to the Company during the Audit
Period).

g.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities)
Regulations, 2021 (Not Applicable to the
Company during the Audit Period).

h.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)
Regulations, 1993 (upto 14th December, 2025)
and The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)
Regulations, 2025 (from 15th December, 2025)
regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 (Not Applicable
to the Company during the Audit Period).

We have relied on the representations made by the
Company and its officers for compliance under other
laws specifically applicable to the industry to which the
Company belongs, as under;

Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules

Special Economic Zones Act, 2005 and the rules

Software Technology Parks of India rules
and regulations.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable
clauses of the following:

Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of
Company Secretaries of India on meetings of the
Board of Directors and general meetings.

Listing Agreements entered into by the Company
with Bombay Stock Exchange Limited and National
Stock Exchange of India Limited.

We have not examined compliance by the Company with
applicable financial laws, like direct and indirect tax laws,
since the same have been subject to review by statutory
financial audit and other designated professionals.

During the period under review, the Company has
complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,
Guidelines, etc. mentioned above.

We further report that:

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted
with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive
Directors and Independent Directors. The changes
in the composition of the Board of Directors that took
place during the period under review were carried out in
compliance with the provisions of the Act.

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the
Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda
were sent as per the requirements of the statute and a
system exists for seeking and obtaining further information
and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting
and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

As per the minutes of the meetings duly recorded and
signed by the Chairman, the decisions of the Board were
unanimous, and no dissenting views have been recorded.

We further report that based on the review of the compliance
reports/certificates of the Company which were taken
on record by the Board of Directors, there are adequate
systems and processes in the Company commensurate
with the size and operations of the company to monitor and
ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations,
and guidelines.

We further report that during the audit period the following
events/actions were having a major bearing on the
Company's affairs in pursuance of the above-mentioned
laws, rules, regulations, guidelines etc.,

The Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal,
Bengaluru bench vide its order dated June 06, 2025,
approved the scheme of amalgamation for the merger
of wholly owned subsidiaries Wipro HR Services India
Private Limited, Wipro Overseas IT Services Private
Limited, Wipro Technology Product Services Private
Limited, Wipro Trademarks Holding Limited and Wipro
VLSI Design Services India Private Limited with Wipro
Limited. As per the said scheme, the appointed date is
April 1, 2025.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT

Wipro Digital Inc. has been incorporated as a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Wipro Limited (the
Company ) with effect from August 4, 2025.

On August 21, 2025, the Company entered into
a definitive agreement to acquire the Digital
Transformation Solutions (DTS) business unit of
HARMAN, a Samsung company, a global provider
of Engineering, Research & Development (ER&D)
services and Information Technology (IT) services
for a total consideration including earn outs of
USD 375 million. Pursuant to the transaction,
Wipro Digital Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary,
merged with Wipro Connected Services, Inc.
(formerly known as Harman Connected Services,
Inc.) with effect from December 1, 2025, following
which Wipro Connected Services, Inc. became a
wholly owned subsidiary of Wipro Limited.

For V. SREEDHARAN & ASSOCIATES

Company Secretaries

(V. Sreedharan)

Partner

FCS: 2347; CP No. 833

Place: Bengaluru

Date: June 2, 2026

UDIN: F002347H000566625

Peer Review Certificate No. 5543/2024

This report is to be read with our letter of even
date which is annexed as Annexure -1 and
forms an integral part of this report.

Annexure -1
The Members
Bengaluru - 560035
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter:
1.
Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of
the management of the company. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these secretarial records based on
our audit.
2.
We have followed the audit practices and processes as
were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the
correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The
verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct
facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the
processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.
3.
We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness
of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4.
Wherever required, we have obtained the Management
representation about the compliance of laws, rules and
regulations and happening of events etc.
5.
The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and
other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is
the responsibility of management. Our examination was
limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.
The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to
the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or
effectiveness with which the management has conducted
the affairs of the Company.

For V. SREEDHARAN & ASSOCIATES

Company Secretaries

(V. Sreedharan)

Partner

FCS: 2347; CP No. 833

Place: Bengaluru

Date: June 2, 2026

UDIN: F002347H000566625

Peer Review Certificate No. 5543/2024

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT
ANNEXURE IV
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ( CSR )
ACTIVITIES FOR FY 2025-26
1.
Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company: A brief outline of the Company s CSR policy, including overview of
the projects or programs proposed to be undertaken, is available at https://www.wipro.com/investors/corporate-
governance/corporate-social-responsibility/.
2.
Composition of CSR Committee: The Nomination and Remuneration Committee ( Committee ) also acts as the
CSR Committee of the Company. The details of the Committee composition and meetings held during the year
ended March 31, 2026 are provided below:
Name of Director
Designation/Nature of Directorship
Number of
meetings of CSR
Committee held
Number of
meetings of
CSR Committee
attended during
1.
Tulsi Naidu@
Independent Director, Chairperson of the Committee
2.
Patrick Dupuis@#
Independent Director, Member of the Committee
3.
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Independent Director, Member of the Committee
4.
Päivi Rekonen*
Independent Director, Member of the Committee

@With effect from July 1, 2025, Ms. Tulsi Naidu was appointed as Chairperson of the Committee in place of Mr. Patrick Dupuis. Mr. Dupuis
continued to serve as Member of the Committee.

#Mr. Patrick Dupuis retired as an Independent Director of the Company with effect from the close of business hours on March 31, 2026, after
completion of his tenure under Section 149(11) of the Companies Act, 2013.

*The Committee was re-constituted during the year on account of appointment of Ms. Päivi Rekonen as Member, w.e.f. October 1, 2025. Since
her appointment, two CSR committee meetings were held.
3.
Provide the web-link(s) where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the
Board are disclosed on the website of the Company: Details on composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and
CSR projects approved by the Board of Directors are available at https://www.wipro.com/investors/corporate-
governance/corporate-social-responsibility/.

4.
Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in pursuance
of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable: As required under rule 8(3) of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility
Policy) Rules, 2014, the Company has carried out impact assessment on the applicable projects. The reports of
such assessments are available at https://www.wipro.com/investors/corporate-governance/corporate-social-
responsibility/. A brief summary is provided below:
Name & Key objectives of the Project
Name of the agency
that conducted the
impact assessment
Impact created
Higher Education for Skills Building

Bridging the gap between academic
theory
industry
practice,
equipping participants with both
technical and professional skills.

Providing
students
career
readiness and organizational talent
development, ensuring alignment
with evolving IT industry needs.
SaathiRe Social Impact

Provided a practical-based or hands-on project
based learning that allows students to gain practical
experience while pursuing their education.

The programs provide students with a blend of
theoretical and practical knowledge, making them
industry-ready professionals.

The tuition-free model and financial assistance
significantly lower financial barriers for students,
particularly those from lower- to middle-income
households. This equal access to higher education
not only benefits students but also positively impacts
their families by reducing financial burdens.
Engineering Education

Aims to strengthen the quality and
relevance of engineering learning
through more practical, application-
oriented approaches.

Building industry-ready engineering
talent
by
improving
students
technical
competencies
employability
skills
aligned
evolving industry needs.
SaathiRe Social Impact

The program has catalyzed a permanent shift from
theory-centric to Project Based Learning resulting
in an improved industry readiness and higher logical
thinking skills amongst students.

The program integrates students into specialized
education pathways while simultaneously cultivating
a steady pipeline of skilled and experienced talent for
the industry, thereby supporting the socio-economic
upliftment of their families.
Renewable Energy

Evaluating the extent to which
renewable energy has helped to
create a positive impact on the
environment.
GIST Advisory Pvt. Ltd.
Highly positive impact is observed on environment,
health and safety aspects.

Substantial Greenhouse gas and water consumption
savings are achieved through adoption and use of
renewable energy.
5.
Average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: K 102,102 Million

Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: K 2,042 Million

Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: NIL

Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any: K 738 Million. This includes an amount of K 227
Million, being set-off from the excess spend in FY 2022-23, K 250 Million, being set-off from the excess spend
in FY 2023-24 and K 261 Million, being set-off from the excess spend in FY 2024-25.

Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]: K 1,304 Million
6.
Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project): K 2,214 Million

Amount spent on Administrative Overheads: K 58 Million

Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: K 2 Million

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
BOARD S REPORT

Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]: K 2,274 Million

CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
Total Amount Spent for the
Financial Year (in H Million)
Amount Unspent (in H)
Total Amount transferred to
Unspent CSR Account as per
section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under
Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5)
Amount
Date of
Name of
the Fund
Amount
Date of
2,274
(Inclusive of
administrative overheads
and amount spent on
impact assessments)
NIL
NA
NA
NIL
NA

Excess amount for set-off, if any:
Particular
Amount
(in H Million)
Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of section 135
2,042
Total CSR obligation for the financial year 2025-26
1,304*
(iii)
Total amount spent for the financial year
2,274
(iv)
Excess amount spent for the financial year [(iii)-(ii)]
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial
years, if any
NIL
(vi)
Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years [(iv)-(v)]

*This excludes an aggregate amount of H 738 Million, being the amount set-off in FY 2025-26 from the excess spends of FY 2022-23,
2023-24 and FY 2024-25.
7.
Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three financial years:
Preceding
Financial
Year(s)
Amount
transferred to
Unspent CSR
Account under
sub-section (6)
of section 135
(in H)
Balance
Amount in
Unspent CSR
Account under
sub-section (6)
of section 135
(in H)
Amount
Spent in the
Reporting
Financial Year
(in H)
Amount transferred
to a Fund as specified
under Schedule VII as
per second proviso
to sub-section (5) of
section 135, if any
Amount
remaining to
be spent in
succeeding
Financial
Years (in H)
Deficiency,
if any
Amount
(in H)
Date of
FY-1
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
-
NIL
-
FY-2
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
-
NIL
-
FY-3
NIL
NIL
NIL
NIL
-
NIL
-
8.
Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent
in the Financial Year: Yes No

If yes, enter the number of capital assets created/acquired: Not Applicable

Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in
the financial year: Not Applicable
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
Short particulars of
the property or asset(s)
[including complete
address and location of
the property]
Pincode of the
property or
asset(s)
Date of creation
Amount of CSR
amount spent
Details of entity/Authority/
beneficiary of the registered owner
CSR
Registration
Number,
if applicable
Name
Registered
address
9.
Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per sub-section (5) of
section 135: Not Applicable

Sd/-

Sd/-

Srinivas Pallia
Tulsi Naidu

Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Chairperson of Nomination and Remuneration Committee

(DIN: 10574442)
(DIN: 03017471)

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report
Wipro s Philosophy on Corporate Governance

At Wipro, corporate governance is more than merely a compliance
requirement, IT is a core enabler of long-term value creation. Our
governance philosophy is deeply rooted in the Spirit of Wipro, which
reflects our unwavering commitment to ethical conduct, respect for all
stakeholders and a passion for excellence. These values are beyond just
principles; they define who we are, how we operate and what we aspire
to become.

In early 2020, our Chairman introduced the Five Habits as part of a
Company-wide culture transformation initiative aimed at fostering a
growth mindset. These habits are designed to translate our enduring
values, defined in the Spirit of Wipro into everyday behaviors that shape
how we lead, collaborate and grow. Together, the Spirit of Wipro and the
Five Habits reinforce our organizational identity and guide our conduct
in a rapidly evolving business environment.

By aligning our governance practices with these Five Habits, our
Company is fostering a high-performance culture that embraces
inclusion, accountability, and transparent leadership. These behaviors
ensure that our decisions are compliant and ethical while also prioritizing
a human-centric and future-ready approach.
Corporate Governance
Report
Spirit of Wipro
These values are our bedrock. They define and make us. Our character
and destinies are energized by our values.
Unyielding integrity in everything we do
Be passionate about clients' success
Treat each person with respect
Be global and responsible
Five Habits
When our behaviors and ways of working consistently reflect our values,
we see Five Habits in action.
Building Trust
Always Communicating
Demonstrating Stewardship
Being Respectful
Being Responsive

We consistently engage with associates to understand
their experience of these habits as part of our culture
conversations. More than 238,000 associates worldwide
have been part of the interactive Five Habits sessions
with leaders, including over 40,000 managers who have
been part of the sessions led by our Chairman, Mr. Rishad
A. Premji. The Spirit of Wipro and the Five Habits have
become deeply ingrained in our daily ways of working,
governance, and business conduct.

We firmly believe that effective governance starts
with leadership. At Wipro, our leaders are expected to
exemplify our cultural and ethical standards, champion
behaviors aligned with the Five Habits, and foster an
environment where individuals thrive through mutual
respect, open communication, and shared accountability.
This is central to our culture and guides how we lead, make
decisions, and engage with stakeholders.

Wipro s corporate governance is implemented through a
multi-layered framework encompassing governance by
shareholders, the Board of Directors, Board committees and
management processes. This is supported by robust board
governance practices, strong internal control systems and
rigorous audit mechanisms that ensure transparency and
accountability at all levels. These are articulated through
Wipro s Code of Business Conduct, Corporate Governance
Guidelines and various Board-chartered policies. Together,
these mechanisms not only ensure regulatory compliance
but also reinforce the Spirit of Wipro and our Five Habits as
cornerstones of ethical and performance-driven governance.

In this report, we have provided details on how the
corporate governance principles are put into practice
within Wipro.
II. Shareholders

The Companies Act, 2013, Listing Regulations and NYSE
Listed Company Manual prescribes the governance
mechanism by shareholders in terms of passing of ordinary
and special resolutions, voting rights, participation in
corporate actions such as bonus issue, buyback of shares,
declaration of dividend, etc. The Company follows a robust
process to ensure that the shareholders of the Company
are well informed of the Board decisions both on financial
and non-financial matters and adequate notice with a
detailed explanation is sent to the shareholders well in
advance to obtain necessary approvals.

The Company seeks approval of shareholders on various
resolutions at the Annual General Meeting held every
year. In addition, approval of shareholders is also sought
through postal ballot in case of urgency of the matter as
per the applicable regulations.
III. Board of Directors

Composition of Board

As of March 31, 2026, our Board had two Executive
Directors, six Non-Executive Independent Directors
and one Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director.
The Executive Chairman, and the Non-Executive, Non-
Independent Director are Promoter Directors. The CEO
& MD is a professional CEO who is responsible for the
day-to-day operations of the Company. Of the seven
Non-Executive Directors, six are Independent Directors,
free from any business or other relationship that could
materially influence their judgment. In the opinion of the
Board, all the Independent Directors are independent of
the management and satisfy the criteria of independence
as defined under the Companies Act, 2013, the Listing
Regulations and the NYSE Listed Company Manual.

The Board is well diversified and consists of two women
Independent Directors and five Directors who are
foreign nationals. The composition of the Board and its
Committees is in compliance with the Company s Board
Diversity Policy, requirements of the Companies Act, 2013
and Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations. In accordance
with these provisions, the Directors periodically submit
the requisite disclosures regarding their directorships and
committee memberships in other companies.

Dr. Patrick J. Ennis and Mr. Patrick Dupuis completed their
tenure as Independent Directors of the Company with
effect from the close of business hours on March 31, 2026.
Ms. Laura Marie Miller was appointed as an Independent
Director for a term of five (5) years with effect from April 1,
2026. The appointment was approved by the Members of
the Company vide special resolution dated May 21, 2026,
passed through postal ballot by e-voting.

The brief profile of the present Directors on the Board
is available on our website at https://www.wipro.com/
leadership.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report

Board Meetings

The Board meets at least once in every quarter to
review the quarterly results and other items on the
agenda and additional Board meetings are held to
address specific needs and business requirements
of the Company. The Members of the Board have
complete freedom to express their opinion and
decisions are taken after detailed discussions.

The Board meeting dates are decided in consultation
with the Board members. The schedule of the Board
and Committee meetings are communicated in
advance to the Directors to enable them to attend the
meetings. In instances of special and urgent business

requirements, the Board s approval is obtained by
way of resolutions passed through circulation, in
accordance with the provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013. Such resolutions are subsequently placed
before the Board in the next meeting for noting
and confirmation.

The Board meetings are normally scheduled over
two days. In line with Regulation 9 read with Para 4 of
Schedule B of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)
Regulations, 2015, IT is the endeavor of the Company that
the gap between the clearance of accounts by the Audit
Committee and Board Meeting is as narrow as possible.

Attendance of Directors at Board Meetings

Details of attendance of Directors at the Board meetings for the year ended March 31, 2026, were as under:
Name of the Director
April 15-
16, 2025
May 22,
20251
July 16-
17, 2025
October
15-16,
January
15-16,
March 16,
20261
Total
Number of
Meetings
Held
Total
Number of
Meetings
Rishad A. Premji
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Azim H. Premji
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Srinivas Pallia
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Patrick J. Ennis
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Patrick Dupuis
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
Yes
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Tulsi Naidu
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
Yes
Päivi Rekonen
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
N.S. Kannan
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

Information flow to the Board Members

Information is provided to the Board Members on a
continuous basis for their review, inputs, and approval.
Our quarterly financial statements and annual financial
statements are first presented to the Audit Committee
and subsequently to the Board for their approval. In
addition, various matters such as review of business
performance, annual strategic plan and operating
plans of our business, appointment of Directors and
Key Managerial Personnel, Succession Planning,
Related Party Transactions, annual action plan for
Corporate Social Responsibility, corporate actions
such as dividend, buyback, bonus, review of internal
and statutory audits, details of investor grievances,
specific cases of acquisitions, important managerial
decisions, material positive/negative developments,
risk management initiatives including cybersecurity
along with mitigation actions and legal/statutory
matters are presented to the respective Committees
of the Board and later with the recommendation
of Committees to the Board of Directors for their
approval, as may be required.

As a system, in most cases, information to Directors is
submitted along with the agenda papers well in advance
of the Board meeting. Inputs and feedback of Board
Members are taken and considered while preparing
agenda and documents for the Board meeting. Sufficient
time is allocated for discussions and deliberations at
the meeting.

Documents containing Unpublished Price Sensitive
Information are submitted to the Board and Committee
Members, at a shorter notice, as per the general consent
taken from the Board, from time to time.

Given that our Board is composed of Directors based
in different parts of the world, in-person attendance
at all meetings may not always be feasible. To ensure
effective participation and seamless decision-making,
the Company facilitates attendance through video
conferencing and other audio-visual means, enabling
Directors who are traveling or located remotely to actively
engage in the proceedings.

Post the Board meeting, we have a formal system for
follow-up, review and reporting on actions taken by
the Management on the decisions of the Board and
its Committees.

Appointment of Directors

The Board has adopted the provisions with respect
to appointment and tenure of Independent Directors
consistent with the Companies Act, 2013 and the
Listing Regulations.

As per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the
Independent Directors shall be appointed for not more
than two terms of a maximum of five years each and shall
not be liable to retire by rotation.

At the time of appointment of an Independent Director, the
Company issues a formal letter of appointment outlining their
role, functions, duties, and responsibilities. The template
of the letter of appointment is available on our website at
guidelines/template-of-letter-of-appointment-to-
independent-directors.pdf.

Details of the Director proposed for re-appointment at
the 80th Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) is provided at
page 129 as part of the Board s Report and in the notice
convening the 80th AGM.

Lead Independent Director

The Board has designated Mr. Deepak M. Satwalekar
as the Lead Independent Director. The role of the
Lead Independent Director is described in the
Corporate Governance guidelines of the Company
and is available on the Company s website at
guidelines/12766-corporate-governance-guidelines.pdf.

Policy for Nomination of Directors, their
Remuneration and Board Diversity

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has
adopted a policy for the selection and appointment of
Directors, including the determination of qualifications,
independence, and remuneration of Directors, Key
Managerial Personnel, and Senior Management Personnel,
in accordance with Section 178(3) of the Companies
Act, 2013. The policy forms part of the Committee s
charter and is available on the Company s website at
guidelines/wipro-limited-Remuneration-policy.pdf.

The Company has also adopted a policy on
Board Diversity which guides the organization s
approach to diversity in the composition of the
Board and is available on the Company s website at
guidelines/policy-on-appointment-of-directors-and-
board-diversity.pdf.

Criteria for Selection of Independent
Directors and Key Skills, Expertise, and
Core Competencies of the Board

The Board of the Company comprises of eminent
personalities and leaders in their respective fields. These
Directors are nominated based on well-defined selection
criteria. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee
considers, inter alia, experience, qualifications, skills,
expertise, and competencies, whilst recommending
to the Board the candidature for appointment of
Independent Director.

In case of appointment of Independent Directors, the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee satisfies

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report
itself about the independence of the Directors
vis-à-vis the Company to enable the Board to function
independently of the management and discharges
its functions and duties effectively. In case of
re-appointment of Independent Directors, the Board also
takes into consideration the performance evaluation
and engagement level of the Independent Directors.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee
ensures that the candidates identified for appointment
as Directors are not disqualified for appointment
under Section 164 and other applicable provisions of
the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations
and that they are not debarred from holding the office
by virtue of SEBI order or any other authority.

As required under Rule 6 of the Companies
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules,
2014, all Independent Directors have completed the
registration with the Independent Directors Databank.
1These skills/competencies are broad-based, encompassing several areas of expertise/experience as shown in the table above. Each Director
may possess varied combinations of skills/experience within the described set of parameters.
Wide Management and Leadership experience
Strong management and leadership experience,
including in areas of business development, strategic
planning and mergers and acquisitions with major public
companies having successful multinational operations
in technology, manufacturing, banking, investments and
finance, international business, scientific research and
development, senior level government experience and
academic administration.
Diversity
Diversity of thought, experience, knowledge,
perspective, gender, and culture brought to the
Board by individual members. Varied mix of strategic
perspectives, geographical focus with knowledge
and understanding of key geographies.
Personal Values
Personal characteristics that match the Company s
values, such as integrity, accountability, and high-
performance standards.
Information Technology
Expertise or experience in information technology business,
technology consulting and operations, emerging areas
of technology such as digital, cloud and cyber security,
intellectual property in information technology domain, artificial
intelligence and knowledge of technology trends.
Functional and Managerial Experience
Knowledge and skills in accounting and finance, business
judgement, general management practices and processes,
crisis response and management, industry knowledge,
macro-economic perspectives, human resources, labour
laws, international markets, sales and marketing, and risk
management.
Corporate Governance
Experience in developing and implementing good corporate
governance practices, maintaining board and management
accountability, managing stakeholders interests and
Company s responsibilities towards customers, employees,
suppliers, investors, regulatory bodies, and the communities
in which IT operates. Experience in boards and committees of
other large companies.

In the opinion of the Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, all the Directors of the Company
possess below relevant skills, expertise, and competence1 to ensure effective functioning of the Company as per
the matrix given below:

Familiarization Program and Training for
Directors

The Company has an extensive orientation/familiarization
programme for its Directors covering the following:

Culture, values and orientation covering the Spirit of
Wipro, five habits, vision & aspirations.

Board composition, roles & responsibilities,
duties and obligations of a member of the Board.
Board Committee composition, functioning of
the Committee.

Business and industry context covering IT industry
overview, strategy, business model, financial metrics,
key milestones and historical perspective.

Corporate governance framework including; risk
management, compliance & ethics, and internal audit.

As a process, when a new Director is appointed, a
familiarization programme is conducted by the senior
management team. Each of our Directors has attended
such orientation process/familiarization programme when
they were inducted into the Board and on an ongoing
basis at regular intervals.

As a part of ongoing training, the Company schedules
quarterly one-on-one meetings of business and functional
heads with the Directors. During these meetings,
comprehensive presentations would be made on various
aspects such as, state of global IT services industry, new
business initiatives, trends in technology including digital
transformation, artificial intelligence, human resources
practices, risk management, cyber security and client updates,
etc. These meetings also facilitate Directors to provide their
inputs and suggestions on various strategic and operational
matters directly to the business and functional heads.

The details of the familiarization programmes are available
on the website of the Company at https://www.wipro.
com/content/dam/nexus/en/investor/corporate-
Familiarization-programmes-imparted-to-independent-
directors-in-fy-2027.pdf.

Succession Planning

We have an effective mechanism for succession planning
which focuses on orderly succession of Directors,
including Executive Directors, Key Managerial Personnel,
Senior Management and other executive officers.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee
implements this mechanism in concurrence with the
Board.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee presents
to the Board on a periodic basis, succession plans for
appointments to the Board based on various factors such
as current tenure of Directors, outcome of performance
evaluation, Board diversity and business requirements,
among others. In addition, the Company conducts
bi-annual talent review process for Senior Management
and other executive officers which provides a leadership-
level talent inventory and capability map that reflects the
extent to which critical talent needs are fulfilled vis-à-vis
business drivers.

Board Evaluation

Details of methodology adopted for Board evaluation have
been provided at page 129 to 130 of the Board s Report.

Remuneration Policy and Criteria for Making
Payments to Directors, Senior Management
and Key Managerial Personnel

The Independent Directors are entitled to receive
remuneration by way of sitting fees, reimbursement
of expenses for participation in the Board/Committee
meetings and commission as detailed hereunder:

Sitting fees for each meeting of the Board attended
by them, of such sum as may be approved by the
Board within the overall limits prescribed under the
Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder.

Commission on a quarterly basis, as determined by the
Board and Members, based on the recommendation
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
The aggregate commission payable to all the
Independent Directors and Non-Executive Directors
put together shall not exceed 1% of the net profits
of the Company during any financial year. The
commission is payable on pro-rata basis to those
Directors who occupy office for part of the year.

Reimbursement of travel, stay and other expenses
for participation in Board/Committee meetings.

Independent Directors and Promoter Directors
are not entitled to participate in the stock option
schemes of the Company.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report

Following are the terms and conditions for
determining the remuneration to Mr. Azim H. Premji,
who is a Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director

Remuneration as applicable to other Non-
Executive Directors of the Company in addition
to the sitting fees for attending the meetings of
the Board thereof, as may be determined by the
Board, provided however that, the aggregate
remuneration including commission, paid to the
Directors other than the Managing Director and
Whole-Time Director in a financial year shall not
exceed 1% of the net profits of the Company,
in terms of Section 197 of the Companies Act,
2013 and computed in the manner referred to in
Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Maintenance of Founder Chairman s office
including an executive assistant at Company s
expense.

Reimbursement of travel, stay, and entertainment
expenses incurred in the course of business as
per the Company s policy.

In determining the remuneration of Chairman, CEO
and Managing Director, Key Managerial Personnel

and Senior Management, the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee and the Board shall ensure/
consider the following:

The balance between fixed and variable pay
reflecting short and long-term performance
objectives, appropriate to the working of the
Company and its goals.

Alignment of remuneration of Key Managerial
Personnel and Directors with long-term interests
of the Company.

Company s performance vis-à-vis the annual
achievement, individuals performance vis-à-vis
KRAs/KPIs.

Industry benchmark and current compensation
trends in the market.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee
recommends the remuneration for the Chairman, CEO
and Managing Director, Key Managerial Personnel
and Senior Management to the Board of Directors.
The payment of remuneration to the Executive
Directors and Non-Executive Directors is approved
by the Board and Members. There was no change to
the remuneration policy during the financial year.

Details of remuneration to Directors

Details of remuneration paid to the Directors for the services rendered during the financial year 2025-26 are given
below. No stock options were granted to any of the Independent Directors and Promoter Directors during the financial
year 2025-26.

None of the Non-Executive Directors received remuneration exceeding 50% of the total annual remuneration paid
to all Non-Executive Directors for the year ended March 31, 2026.
(H in Millions)
(₹ in Millions)
Rishad A.
Premji(1)
Srinivas
Pallia* (2)
Azim H.
Premji
Patrick J.
Ennis*
Patrick
Dupuis*
Deepak M.
Satwalekar
Tulsi
Naidu*
Päivi
Rekonen*
N. S.
Kannan
Salary
25.45
154.99
Allowances
37.71
Commission/Incentives/
Variable Pay
2.17
98.55
24.63
25.47
19.09
25.15
19.46
13.31
Other annual compensation
0.34
232.69
Retirals
6.87
10.18
Sitting fees
0.60
Total
72.54
496.41
10.60
25.23
26.07
19.69
25.75
20.06
13.91
Notice period
Up to
180 days
Up to
180 days
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA
NA

*Figures mentioned in H are equivalent to amounts paid in foreign currency, wherever applicable.

Figures in the above table are subject to rounding-off adjustments.

Notes

1.
Mr. Rishad A. Premji s remuneration comprises of a fixed pay and commission at the rate of 0.35% on the incremental consolidated net profits of the
Company over the previous financial year. However, the incremental consolidated net profits for financial year 2025-26, reflected a comparatively
moderate increase as against the previous year. Accordingly, during the year the fixed pay was fully paid, while commission was determined in line
with the approved framework, the overall impact on his remuneration represents a decline compared to the financial year 2024-25. His fixed pay for
FY 2025-26 amounted to H 70.37 Million, and the commission (variable pay) was H 2.17 Million.

2.
Mr. Srinivas Pallia s remuneration comprises of fixed pay including Restricted Stock Units and variable pay including Performance Stock Units linked
to the achievement of the Company s performance parameters; revenue and profitability. For Mr. Pallia, target fixed pay and variable pay ratio is
41.7% and 58.3% respectively. His actual fixed pay for financial year 2025-26 stood at H 290.26 million, while the variable pay, linked to achievement
of performance targets and including vesting of Performance Stock Units, was lower for the year and stood at H 206.15 million.

The remuneration of Mr. Srinivas Pallia is computed on an accrual basis and includes the amortisation of RSUs granted to him, which will vest over a
period of time, and PSUs that will vest based on the Company s performance parameters. During the financial year 2025-26, Mr. Pallia was granted:

525,000 RSUs under the Wipro Employee Stock Option, Performance Stock Unit and Restricted Stock Unit Scheme 2024, effective May 3,
2025, to vest over a period of three years.

975,000 PSUs under the under the Wipro Employee Stock Option, Performance Stock Unit and Restricted Stock Unit Scheme 2024, effective
May 3, 2025, to vest over a period of three years, subject to achievement of specified financial milestones. These milestones relate to revenue,
EBIT and free cash flow, with weightages assigned at 40% each for revenue and EBIT, and 20% for free cash flow.

Terms of Employment Arrangements

Under the Companies Act, 2013, our shareholders must
approve the salary, bonus, and benefits of all Executive
Directors. Each of our Executive Directors has signed
an agreement containing the terms and conditions of
employment, including a monthly salary, performance
bonus and benefits including vacation, medical
reimbursement, and pension fund contributions. These
agreements have varying terms, but either we or the
Executive Director may generally terminate the agreement
upon six months notice to the other party.

The terms of our employment arrangements with
Mr. Rishad A. Premji, Mr. Srinivas Pallia and Ms. Aparna
Iyer provide for up to a 180 days notice period in the
event of resignation, and country-specific leave
allowances in addition to statutory holidays, and an
annual compensation review. Additionally, these officers
are required to relocate as we may determine, and to
comply with confidentiality provisions. Service contracts
with our Executive Directors and Officers provide for our
standard retirement benefits that consist of a pension and
gratuity which are offered to all of our employees, but no
other benefits upon termination of employment except as
mentioned below.

Pursuant to the terms of the employment arrangement
with Mr. Srinivas Pallia, if his employment is terminated by
the Company, the Company is required to pay Mr. Srinivas
Pallia, severance pay equivalent of 12 months base salary.

We also indemnify our Directors and Officers for claims
brought under any rule of law to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law.

Among other things, we agree to indemnify our Directors
and Officers for certain expenses, judgments, fines, and
settlement amounts incurred in any action or proceeding,
including any action by or in the right of the Company,
arising out of such person s services as our Director or
Officer, and such other claims which are covered by the
Directors and Officers liability insurance policy taken by

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report

Key information pertaining to Directors as on March 31, 2026, is given below:
Name of
the Director
and Director
Identification
Number (DIN)
Relationship
Directors
Designation
Date of
initial
appointment1
Directorship
Companies2
Chairmanship
Committees
of Board
of other
Companies3
Membership
Committees
of Board
of other
Companies3
Attendance
at the last
AGM held
on July 16,
held as on
March 31, 2026
Other listed
Companies where
the Director holds
Directorship2
1.
Rishad A. Premji
(DIN: 02983899)
Son of Azim
H. Premji
Executive Director and
Chairman
1-May-2015
-
Yes
13,537,7824
-
2.
Azim H. Premji
(DIN: 00234280)
Father of
Rishad A.
Premji
Non-Executive,
Non-Independent
Director
1-Sep-1968
-
Yes
7,616,840,8984,5
-
3.
Srinivas Pallia
(DIN: 10574442)
None
Chief Executive Officer
and Managing Director
7-Apr-2024
-
Yes
200,000
350,3706
-
4.
Patrick J. Ennis
(DIN: 07463299)
None
Independent Director
1-Apr-2016
-
Yes
-
5.
Patrick Dupuis
(DIN: 07480046)
None
Independent Director
1-Apr-2016
-
Yes
-
6.
Deepak M.
Satwalekar
(DIN: 00009627)
None
Independent Director
1-Jul-2020
-
Yes
-
Home First
Finance Company
India Limited
(Independent
Director)
7.
Tulsi Naidu
(DIN: 03017471)
None
Independent Director
1-Jul-2021
-
Yes
-
8.
Päivi Rekonen
(DIN: 09669696)
None
Independent Director
1-Oct-2022
-
Yes
-
9.
N. S. Kannan
(DIN: 00066009)
None
Independent Director
1-Oct-2023
-
Yes
-
1 Dr. Patrick J. Ennis and Mr. Patrick Dupuis were re-appointed as Independent Directors of the Company for a second term of five (5) consecutive years with effect from April 1, 2021 to
March 31, 2026. Upon completion of their tenure in accordance with Section 149(11) of the Companies Act, 2013, Dr. Patrick J. Ennis and Mr. Patrick Dupuis ceased to be Directors of
the Company with effect from the close of business hours on March 31, 2026.
Mr. Deepak M. Satwalekar was re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term of five (5) consecutive years, with effect from July 1, 2025 to June 30, 2030.
Ms. Tulsi Naidu was appointed as an Independent Director for a period of five (5) years from July 1, 2021 to June 30, 2026. She has been re-appointed as an Independent Director for
a second term of five (5) consecutive years with effect from July 1, 2026 to June 30, 2031.
Ms. Päivi Rekonen was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a period of five (5) years with effect from October 1, 2022 to September 30, 2027.
Mr. N. S. Kannan was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a period of five (5) years with effect from October 1, 2023 to September 30, 2028.

2 This does not include position in foreign companies or as an advisory board member but includes position in private companies and companies under Section 8 of the Companies Act,
2013. None of our Directors hold directorship in more than seven listed companies.

3 In accordance with Regulation 26 of the Listing Regulations, Membership/Chairmanship of only Audit Committees and Stakeholders Relationship Committees in all public limited
companies have been considered.

4 Includes equity shares held with immediate family members.

5 Out of 7,616,840,898 equity shares held in the Company, Mr. Azim H. Premji disclaims the beneficial ownership of 680,385,966 equity shares held by
Azim Premji Trust and 27,724,830 equity shares held by Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited.

6 Represents ADSs having equivalent underlying equity shares.

None of the Independent Director(s) of the Company has resigned before the expiry of their tenure.

Ms. Laura Marie Miller (DIN: 11546063) was appointed as an Independent Director for a term of five (5) years with effect from April 1, 2026, to March 31, 2031.
IV. Committees of Board

Our Board has constituted Committees to focus on specific areas and make informed decisions within the authority delegated
to each of the Committees. Each Committee of the Board is guided by its Charter, which defines the scope, powers, and
composition of the Committee. All decisions and recommendations of the Committees are placed before the Board for
information or approval.

During the financial year, the Board has accepted all the recommendations of Committees on matters where such
a recommendation is mandatorily required. There have been no instances where such recommendations have not
been considered.

We have three Committees of the Board as of March 31, 2026. The details are provided below:
Constitution of the Committees
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee1
Nomination and Remuneration Committee2
(IT also acts as Corporate Social
Responsibility Committee)
Administrative and Shareholders/Investors
Grievance Committee (Stakeholders
Relationship Committee)
Mr. Deepak M. Satwalekar
Ms. Tulsi Naidu3
Mr. Deepak M. Satwalekar
Ms. Tulsi Naidu
Mr. Deepak M. Satwalekar
Mr. Rishad A. Premji
Mr. N. S. Kannan
Mr. Patrick Dupuis4
Dr. Patrick J. Ennis4
Ms. Päivi Rekonen5

Chairperson
Member

1 Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee is also the Risk Management Committee.

2 Nomination and Remuneration Committee also acts as Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.

3 With effect from July 1, 2025, Ms. Tulsi Naidu was appointed as Chairperson of the Committee in place of Mr. Patrick Dupuis. Mr. Dupuis continued to
serve as Member of the Committee.

4 Dr. Patrick J. Ennis and Mr. Patrick Dupuis, Independent Directors, completed their term as Independent Directors of the Company with effect from the
close of business hours on March 31, 2026.

5 Ms. Päivi Rekonen was appointed as member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee w.e.f. October 1, 2025.
- Ms. Päivi Rekonen was appointed as member of the Administrative and Shareholders/Investors Grievance Committee w.e.f. April 1, 2026.

Note: The Chairperson and Members of all the Committees were present at the 79th AGM of the Company held on July 16, 2025.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report

The terms of reference for each of the Committees of
the Board as required under Schedule V of the Listing
Regulations are provided below:

Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee of our
Board is constituted in line with the provisions of
Regulation 18 and 21 of the Listing Regulations,
Section 177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and
Sections 303A.06 and 303A.07 of NYSE Listed
Company Manual. IT reviews, acts on and reports
to our Board with respect to various auditing
and accounting matters. This Committee is also
the Risk Management Committee. The roles and
responsibilities include overseeing:

Auditing and accounting matters, including
recommending the appointment of our
independent auditors to the shareholders;

To oversee the independence of the external
auditors and review any disclosed relationships
or services that may impact the objectivity and
independence of the external auditors;

Integrity of the Company s financial statements
and discussions with the independent auditors
regarding the scope of the annual audits and
fees to be paid to the independent auditors;

Performance of the Company s internal audit
function, independent auditors and accounting
practices;

Compliance with legal and statutory requirements;

Review and approval of related party transactions
and functioning of whistle blower mechanism;

g.
Implementation of the applicable provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including review of
the progress of internal control mechanisms to
prepare for certification under Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act;

h.
Review of utilization of loans and advances
from, and investment by, the Company in
its subsidiaries;

Evaluation of internal financial controls, and
monitoring and reviewing of the risk management
plan and such other functions as the Board of
Directors may deem fit;

j.
Formulation and implementation of the risk
management policy, including evaluating the
adequacy of risk management and internal
control systems;

k.
Approval of appointment of Chief Financial
Officer of the Company after assessing the
qualifications, experience and background,
including remuneration and terms of appointment
of the candidate; and

l.
Evaluation of risks related to cybersecurity and
significant risk exposures of the Company and
assessment of steps taken by management
to mitigate the exposures in a timely manner
(including business continuity and disaster
recovery planning).

The detailed charter of the Committee is available
on our website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/
corporate-governance/charters/.

All members of our Audit, Risk and Compliance
Committee are Independent Non-Executive Directors
who are financially literate. The Chairman of our Audit,
Risk and Compliance Committee has accounting and
related financial management expertise.

Statutory Auditors as well as Internal Auditors have
independent meetings with the Audit, Risk and
Compliance Committee and also participate in the
Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee meetings. Our
Chief Financial Officer and other corporate officers
make periodic presentations to the Audit, Risk and
Compliance Committee on various issues.

The composition and attendance of Members at the meetings held during FY 2025-26, were as under:
Name of the Director
April
15, 2025
May
22, 20251
July
16, 2025
October
15, 2025
January
15, 2026
Total Number
of Meetings
Held
Total Number
of Meetings
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Tulsi Naidu
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
N. S. Kannan
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

Nomination and Remuneration Committee

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is
constituted in line with the provisions of Regulation 19
of the Listing Regulations, Section 135 and 178 of the
Companies Act, 2013 and Sections 303A.04 and 303A.05
of NYSE Listed Company Manual. IT reviews, acts on and
reports to our Board with respect to various nomination
and remuneration matters. This Committee also acts as
the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.

The roles and responsibilities of the Committee include:

Determining the composition of the Board of
Directors and the Committees of the Board;

Identifying persons who are qualified to become
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and who may
be appointed as Senior Management in accordance
with the criteria laid down and recommends to the
Board their appointment and removal;

Formulating the criteria for determining qualifications,
positive attributes, and independence of a Director;

Developing, periodically reviewing, and recommending
to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines;

Reviewing the Company s policies that relate to
ESG matters;

Carrying out evaluation of the Board, its Committees
and every Director s performance in accordance with
established evaluation criteria;

Talent development, employee engagement
and retention;

Formulating compensation policies, including for
Whole-Time Directors, Key Personnel, Chairman of
the Company, CEO, Key Management Personnel,
Senior Management Personnel and other employees,
in such a manner so as to attract and retain talent;

Ensuring orderly succession planning for Board
members, Key Managerial Personnel, and
Senior Management;

Formulating, adopting, administering, enforcing, and
modifying the employee stock option schemes; and

Formulating and recommending to the Board a
Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) policy
which shall indicate the activities to be undertaken
by the Company.

The detailed charter of the Committee is available on our
website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/corporate-
governance/charters/.

Our Chief Human Resources Officer makes periodic
presentations to the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee on compensation reviews and performance
linked compensation recommendations. All Members
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are
Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Nomination
and Remuneration Committee is the apex body that
oversees our CSR policy and programs.

The composition and attendance of Members at the meetings held during FY 2025-26, were as under:
Name of the Director
April
15, 2025
May
22, 20251
July
16, 2025
October
15, 2025
January
15, 20261
Total Number
of Meetings
Held
Total Number
of Meetings
Tulsi Naidu2
Yes
No
Yes
Yes
Yes
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Patrick Dupuis3
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Päivi Rekonen4
NA
NA
NA
Yes
Yes

2With effect from July 1, 2025, Ms. Tulsi Naidu was appointed as Chairperson of the Committee in place of Mr. Patrick Dupuis. Mr. Dupuis continued to serve
as Member of the Committee.

3Mr. Patrick Dupuis ceased to be Director of the Company with effect from the close of business hours on March 31, 2026.

4Ms. Päivi Rekonen was appointed as Member of the Committee, w.e.f. October 1, 2025. Since her appointment, two Committee meetings were held.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report

Administrative and Shareholders/
Investors Grievance Committee
(Stakeholders Relationship Committee)

The Administrative and Shareholders/Investors
Grievance Committee carries out the role of
Stakeholders Relationship Committee in compliance
with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and
Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations.

The Administrative and Shareholders/Investors
Grievance Committee reviews, acts on and reports to
our Board with respect to various matters relating to
stakeholders. The roles and responsibilities include:

Redressal of grievances of the shareholders
of the Company pertaining to transfer or
transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual
report and declared dividends, issue of new
or duplicate share certificates, and grievances
pertaining to corporate actions;

Approving consolidation, split or sub-division of
share certificates, transmission of shares, issue
of duplicate share certificates, re-materialization
of shares;

Reviewing the grievance redressal mechanism
implemented by the Company in coordination
with Company s Registrar and Transfer Agent
( RTA ) from time to time;

Reviewing the measures taken by the Company for
effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders;

Implementing and overseeing the procedures
and processes in handling and maintenance of
records, transfer of securities and payment of
dividend by the Company, RTA, and dividend
processing bank;

Reviewing the various measures and initiatives
taken by the Company for reducing the quantum
of unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt
of dividend warrants, annual reports, and statutory
notices by the shareholders of the Company;

Overseeing administrative matters like opening
and closure of Company s bank accounts, grant,
and revocation of general, specific, and banking
powers of attorney; and

Considering and approving allotment of equity
shares pursuant to exercise of stock options, setting
up branch offices and other administrative matters
as delegated by the Board, from time to time.

The detailed charter of the Committee is available
on our website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/
corporate-governance/charters/.

Mr. M. Sanaulla Khan, Company Secretary, is our
Compliance Officer under the Listing Regulations.

The composition and attendance of Members at the meetings held during FY 2025-26, were as under:
Name of the Director
April
15, 2025
July
16, 2025
October
15, 2025
January
15, 2026
Total Number
of Meetings
Held
Total Number
of Meetings
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Patrick J. Ennis1
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Rishad A. Premji
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

1Dr. Patrick J. Ennis ceased to be Director of the Company with effect from the close of business hours on March 31, 2026.

Status report of investor queries and complaints for the period from April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026 is given below:
Particulars
No. of
Complaints
1.
Investor complaints pending at the beginning of the year
2.
Investor complaints received during the year
3.
Investor complaints disposed of during the year
4.
Investor complaints remaining unresolved at the end of the year

1Out of the 994 complaints received, 553 were investor requests regarding annual report and bonus issue related clarifications.

2These queries were received between March 28, 2026 to March 31, 2026 and subsequently responded by April 6, 2026.

Apart from these queries/complaints, there are pending cases relating to dispute over title to shares in which, in certain cases, the Company has been
made a party. However, these cases are not material in nature.
IV. Particulars of Senior Management

The particulars of senior management as per Regulation 16(1)(d) of the Listing Regulations including the changes during the
financial year 2025-26 are as follows:
Name of Senior Management
Personnel (SMP)
Designation
Effective Date of change
during FY 2025-26
Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
-
Aparna Iyer
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
-
M. Sanaulla Khan
Senior Vice President and Company Secretary
-
Saurabh Govil
President and Chief Human Resources Officer
-
Nagendra P Bandaru*
President and Managing Partner of Technology Services Global
Business Lines (GBLs)
-
Suzanne Dann**
Chief Executive Officer, Americas 2
-
Malay Joshi
Chief Executive Officer, Americas 1
-
Sanjeev Jain
Chief Operating Officer
-
Jasjit Singh Kang
Managing Partner and Global Head - Business Process Services
April 1, 2025
Omkar Nisal
Chief Executive Officer, Europe
-
Srikumar Rao
Managing Partner and Global Head - Engineering
-
Vinay Firake
Chief Executive Officer, APMEA
-
Amit Kumar
Managing Partner and Global Head, Wipro Consulting
-
Hari Shetty
Chief Strategist and Technology Officer
-
Tejal Patil
Senior Vice President and General Counsel
-
Raghuraman Ranganathan
Chief Risk & Assurance Officer
-
Pavan N Rao
Head of Internal Audit
-

Notes

*Mr. Nagendra Bandaru was appointed as Chief Executive Officer - AI-Native Business & Platforms Unit, with effect from April 1, 2026. Mr. Kanwar Singh
assumed charge as President and Managing Partner - Technology Services GBLs, with effect from April 1, 2026.

** Ms. Suzanne Dann ceased to be Chief Executive Officer, Americas 2 with effect from the close of business hours of May 3, 2026.

The following employee ceased to be designated as Senior Management Personnel during FY 2025-26:

1. Mr. Jo Debecker, Managing Partner and Global Head- Wipro FullStride Cloud, resigned with effect from close of business hours of April 4, 2025.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report
V. Governance Through Management
Process

Code of Business Conduct

In the year 1983, we articulated Wipro Beliefs
consisting of six statements. At the core of beliefs
was integrity, articulated as individual and company
relationship should be governed by the highest
standard of conduct and integrity .

Over the years, this articulation has evolved in form
but remained constant in substance. Today, we
articulate IT as Code of Business Conduct. At Wipro,
the Board and all employees have a responsibility to
understand and follow the Code of Business Conduct.
All employees are expected to perform their work with
honesty and integrity.

Wipro s Code of Business Conduct reflects general
principles to guide employees in making ethical
decisions. This Code is also applicable to our
representatives. This Code outlines fundamental
ethical considerations as well as specific considerations
that need to be maintained for professional conduct.

This Code has been displayed on the Company s
website at https://www.wipro.com/content/dam/
nexus/en/investor/corporate-governance/policies-
and-guidelines/ethical-guidelines/code-of-business-
conduct-and-ethics.pdf.

Internal Audit

The Company has a robust Internal Audit function
which has been in place for last 4 decades with the
stated vision to be amongst the best-in-class Internal
Audit function globally . In pursuit of this vision, the
function provides independent objective assurance
and consulting services designed to add value and
improve the organization s operations by:

Assurance Reviews

Operational Reviews

Special Assignments

Anti-fraud reviews

Limited Reviews

Cyber Defense & Technology Audit

The internal audit function is guided by its charter,
as approved by the Audit, Risk and Compliance
Committee and is available on the Company s website
at https://www.wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/
investor/corporate-governance/charters/charters-
of-the-committees/internal-audit-charter.pdf. The
internal audit function formulates an annual risk-based
audit plan based on consultations and inputs from the
senior management and presents IT to the Audit, Risk
and Compliance Committee for approval. Findings
of various audits carried out during the financial year
are also periodically presented to the Audit, Risk and
Compliance Committee. The internal audit function
adopts a risk-based audit approach and covers core
areas such as regulatory compliance, financial audits,
technology audits, third party risk audits, etc.

The internal audit team comprises of personnel with
professional qualifications, expertise and certifications
in audit and is rich in diversity. The audit team hones
its skills through a robust knowledge management
program to continuously assimilate the latest trends and
skills in the domain and to retain the knowledge gained
for future reference and dissemination. The internal audit
team confirms its independence across all its staff.

The Head of Internal Audit reports to the Chairman
of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and
administratively to the Chief Risk & Assurance Officer.
The Head of Internal Audit has regular and exclusive
meetings with the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee.

The function, which was the first Indian Internal audit unit
to get ISO certified in 1998 was also an early adopter
of the new ISO 9001:2015 version. ISO certification
is annually renewed through a review by external
accreditation body (DNV). Internal Audit function is in
conformance with the Global Internal Audit Standards
issued by International Institute of Internal Auditors
( IIA ) and adheres to the highest standards under its
Quality Assurance & Improvement Program ( QAIP ).
The conformance has been reviewed by external firm
(KPMG) since financial year 2019-20 & latest review of
conformance was concluded in the financial year 2025-26.

Disclosure Policy

In line with requirements under Regulation 30 of the
Listing Regulations, the Company has framed a policy
on disclosure of material events and information, which

is available on our website at https://www.wipro.com/
content/dam/nexus/en/investor/corporate-governance/
policies-and-guidelines/ethical-guidelines/12770-
Disclosure-Policy.pdf. The objective of this policy is to
have uniform disclosure practices and ensure timely,
adequate, and accurate disclosure of information on an
ongoing basis. The Company has constituted a Disclosure
Committee consisting of senior officials, which approves
disclosures required to be made by the Company. Parity in
disclosures is maintained through simultaneous disclosure
on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited, the BSE
Limited, the New York Stock Exchange and the Singapore
Exchange Limited.

Policy for Preservation of Documents

Pursuant to the requirements under Regulation 9 of the
Listing Regulations, the Board has formulated and approved
a Document Retention Policy prescribing the manner of
retaining the Company s documents and the time period up
to which certain documents are to be retained. The policy
applies to all departments of the organization that handle
the prescribed categories of documents.

This Policy has been displayed on the Company s website
at https://www.wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/investor/
guidelines/12770-Document-Retention-Policy.pdf.

Other Policies

The Company has adopted an Ombuds policy (vigil
mechanism), a policy for prevention, prohibition &
redressal of sexual harassment of women at workplace, as
well as a code of conduct to regulate, monitor and report
insider trading. Details of these policies and disclosures in
relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace
are provided as part of the Board s report.
VI. Disclosures

Disclosure of Materially Significant Related
Party Transactions

All related party transactions entered during the financial
year were at an arm s length basis and in the ordinary
course of business. There are no materially significant
related party transactions made by the Company with
Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, or other
designated persons which may have a potential conflict
with the interest of the Company at large.

As required under Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations,
the Company has adopted a policy on Related Party
Transactions. The policy on Related Party Transactions
is available on the Company s website at https://www.
wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/investor/corporate-
Policy-for-related-party-transactions.pdf.

Apart from receiving Director s remuneration, none of the
Directors have any pecuniary relationships or transactions
vis-à-vis the Company. During the financial year 2025-26,
no material transactions were entered by the Company
with the Management or their relatives that may have a
potential conflict of interest with the Company and the
concerned officials have given undertakings to that effect
as per the provisions of the Listing Regulations.

The Register of Contracts/arrangement in which directors
are interested under Section 189 of the Companies Act,
2013 is maintained and particulars of the transactions
have been entered in the Register, as applicable.

Performance Criteria for Vesting of
Performance Stock Units (PSU)

The Company grants Stock Options to eligible leaders
under the Wipro Employee Stock Option, Performance
Stock Unit and Restricted Stock Unit Scheme 2024.
The grant consists of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and
Performance Stock Units (PSUs).

The stock units granted under the Scheme vest in tranches
with the first tranche vesting after a minimum period of 1
(one) year from the date of grant. All subsequent tranches
for the vesting shall take place after an interval of 1 (one)
year from the previous tranche.

Vesting schedule is typically spread for a period of up to 3
years for both RSUs and PSUs. Vesting of PSUs is linked to
cumulative financial performance and other parameters.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee lays down certain performance metrics on the achievement of
which performance-based RSUs would vest which have been explained below:
Absolute Revenue
Achievement
Absolute EBIT
Achievement
Free Cash Flow
Achievement
Weightage
40%
20%
Maximum vesting
150%
On Plan Vesting
100%
Minimum vesting
50%
Below Threshold Vesting
0%

Subsidiary Monitoring Framework

All the subsidiary companies of the Company are
managed by their Boards having the rights and
obligations to manage these companies in the best
interest of respective stakeholders. The Company
nominates its representatives on the Board of
subsidiary companies and monitors performance of
such companies, inter alia, by:

Reviewing financial statements, investments,
inter-corporate loans/advances made
by the unlisted subsidiary companies,
statement containing all significant transactions
and arrangements entered by the unlisted
subsidiary companies forming part of
the financials.

Minutes of the meetings and circular resolutions
of the unlisted subsidiary companies, if any, are
placed before the Company s Board regularly.

Providing necessary guarantees, letter of
comfort and other support for their day-to-day
operations, from time-to-time.

As required under Regulation 16(1)(c) and 24 of the
Listing Regulations, the Company has adopted a
policy for determining material subsidiary and the
said policy is available on the Company s website
at https://www.wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/
en/investor/corporate-governance/policies-and-
guidelines/ethical-guidelines/Policy-for-related-
party-transactions.pdf.

In terms of the Company s Policy on determining
material subsidiary, during the financial year ended
March 31, 2026, Wipro, LLC was determined as a
material subsidiary whose net worth exceeded 10%
of the consolidated net worth of the Company in the
immediately preceding financial year.

Wipro, LLC was incorporated on July 7, 1998, in the
State of Delaware, United States of America. As local
audit is not applicable, no auditors are appointed.
Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants
(Registration No. 117366W/W-100018) conduct audit
under the Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS).

Details of non-compliance by the Company,
penalties, and strictures imposed on the
Company by Stock Exchanges or SEBI
or any statutory authority, on any matter
related to capital markets, during the last
three years

The Company has complied with all the requirements
of the Stock Exchanges and SEBI on matters related
to Capital Markets, as applicable, during the last three
years. No penalties or strictures have been imposed
on the Company.

Whistle Blower Policy and affirmation
that no personnel have been denied
access to the Audit, Risk & Compliance
Committee

As mentioned earlier in this report, the Company has
adopted an Ombuds process which is a channel for
receiving and redressing complaints.

No personnel in the Company have been denied
access to the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
or its Chairman.

Mechanism followed under the Ombuds process
has been displayed on the Company s intranet and
website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/corporate-
governance/policies-and-guidelines/#WiprosOmbuds

Process. All complaints received through Ombuds process
and investigative findings are reviewed and approved by
the Chief Ethics Officer or designate. All employees and
stakeholders can also register their concerns either by post/
courier to the Company s registered office or by sending an
email to ombuds.person@wipro.com or through web-based
portal at www.wiproombuds.com.

Transfer to Investor Education and
Protection Fund Authority (IEPF)

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 of the Companies
Act, 2013 and IEPF rules, during the financial year 2025-26,
the Company transferred unclaimed dividends amounting
to H 2,638,784 for the financial year 2018-19, sale proceeds
of fractional shares from the issuance of bonus shares for
2018-19 totaling H 865,269, and a total of 153,511 equity
shares, on which dividends remained unclaimed for seven
consecutive years, to the IEPF Authority. No claim shall lie
against the Company in respect of unclaimed dividend
amount and equity shares transferred to the IEPF.

Pursuant to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA )
notification dated September 9, 2024, the Company has
procured the prescribed special contingency insurance
policy towards the risk arising out of claims filed by investors
in respect of e-verification report submitted by the Company.

The Company has appointed a Nodal Officer and Deputy
Nodal Officer under the provisions of IEPF, the details of
which are available on the website of the Company at
https://www.wipro.com/investors/investor-contacts/.

In alignment with the Saksham Niveshak - 100 day
national campaign launched by the Investor Education and
Protection Fund Authority ( IEPFA ) under the Ministry
of Corporate Affairs, the Company undertook targeted
investor outreach measures to enhance awareness and
facilitate timely KYC updation to strengthen investor
engagement, transparency, and compliance with
regulatory requirements.

As part of this initiative, the Company published a
newspaper advertisement to ensure wider dissemination
of information, hosted a detailed notice in the Investor FAQ
section of its website providing step by step guidance for
shareholders, and leveraged social media platforms to
extend reach and engagement. Through these focused
initiatives, the Company effectively supported the
objectives of the IEPFA campaign, reinforced transparent
investor communication, and enabled shareholders to
take timely action. The Company continues to proactively
engage with its investor base and facilitate KYC updation,
with the objective of minimising the transfer of unpaid
or unclaimed dividends to the IEPF and safeguarding
shareholder interests.

For the detailed procedure on how shareholders can
claim the unclaimed dividend amount and the underlying
equity shares transferred to IEPF, please refer to https://
www.wipro.com/investors/details-of-shares-transferred-
to-iepf-account/.

Disclosures with respect to demat
suspense account/unclaimed suspense
account (Unclaimed Shares)

Regulation 39(4) of the Listing Regulations read with
Schedule VI provides the manner of dealing with the
shares issued pursuant to a public issue or any other
issue and which remain unclaimed with the Company. The
Company maintains the details of shareholding of each
individual shareholder whose shares are transferred to
the Unclaimed Suspense Account.

When a claim from a shareholder is received by the
Company, the shares lying in the Unclaimed Suspense
Account are transferred after due verification of documents
submitted by the shareholder. In case shares are lying
unclaimed with the Company, shareholders are requested
to claim the same on submission of necessary documents
to the Company/RTA. For more details on the process and
other information refer to the FAQ section on the Company s
website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/faqs/.

Further, the shares in respect of which dividend entitlements
remained unclaimed for seven (7) consecutive years are
transferred from the Unclaimed Suspense Account to
IEPFA in accordance with Section 124(6) of the Companies
Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder.

SEBI, vide its circular dated January 25, 2022, mandated
that the Company/RTA shall verify and process the
investor service requests and thereafter issue a Letter of
Confirmation ( LOC ) in lieu of physical share certificate(s).
The LOC shall be valid for a period of one hundred twenty
days from the date of issuance within which the Member/
Claimant shall make a request to the Depository Participant
for dematerialising the said shares. In case, the demat
request is not submitted within the aforesaid period, the
shares shall be credited to the Company s Suspense Escrow
Demat Account. As on March 31, 2026, there are no shares
lying in the Company s Suspense Escrow Demat Account.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report

The disclosure as required under Schedule V of the Listing Regulations is given below for the financial year 2025-26:
Particulars
No. of
shareholders
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the
suspense account lying at the beginning of the year
4,927,111
Number of shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of shares
from suspense account during the year
491,763
Number of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from suspense
account during the year
491,763
Number of shares in respect of which dividend entitlements remained
unclaimed for seven consecutive years and transferred from the Unclaimed
Suspense Account to the IEPF
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the
suspense account lying at the end of the year
4,435,346*

*Voting rights on the shares shall remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares claims the same.

Fees Paid to Statutory Auditors

The details of total fees for all services paid by the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the
statutory auditors and all the entities in the network firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part, are
(C in Millions)
Type of Service
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Audit Fees
Tax Fees
Others
Total

Shareholder Information

Various shareholder information required to be
disclosed pursuant to Schedule V of the Listing
Regulations are provided in Annexure I to this report.
The shareholders can also refer to the section on
grievance redressal mechanism and the escalation
matrix available on the website of the Company at
https://www.wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/
investor/grievance-redressal-and-escalation-matrix/
shareholder-grievance-redressal-and-escalation-
framework.pdf.

Disclosure of certain types of agreements
binding listed entities

There are no agreements that require disclosure
under clause 5A of paragraph A of Part A of Schedule
III of the Listing Regulations.

Compliance with Corporate Governance
Requirements

The Company has complied with all the mandatory
corporate governance requirements under the Listing
Regulations. Specifically, the Company confirms
compliance with corporate governance requirements
specified in Regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule
V and Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, as
applicable, with regard to corporate governance.

Being a Foreign Private Issuer (FPI) for the purposes
of American Depositary Shares, we are permitted to
follow home country practices in lieu of the provisions
of Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company
Manual, except that we are required to comply with
the requirements of Sections 303A.06, 303A.11
and 303A.12(b) and (c) of the NYSE Listed Company
Manual. With regard to Section 303A.11 of the NYSE
Listed Company Manual, although the Company s

home country standards on corporate governance may
differ from the NYSE listing standards, the Company s
actual corporate governance policies and practices are
generally in compliance with the NYSE Listed Company
Manual applicable to FPIs.

Certificates from Practicing Company
Secretary

The certificate dated May 25, 2026, issued by
Mr. V. Sreedharan, Partner, V. Sreedharan & Associates,
Practicing Company Secretaries, is given at page 185 of
this Annual Report in compliance with corporate
governance
norms
prescribed
under
Listing Regulations.

The Company has received certificate dated June 2,
2026, from Mr. V. Sreedharan, Partner, V. Sreedharan &
Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, confirming
that none of the Directors of the Company have been
debarred or disqualified from being appointed or
continuing as Director of companies pursuant to an order
by SEBI/MCA or any such authority.

The certificate is given at page 186 to 187 to of this
VII. Compliance Report on Discretionary
Requirements under Regulation 27(1) of
the Listing Regulations

The Board

As per Para A of Part E of Schedule II of the Listing
Regulations, a Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
may be entitled to maintain a Chairman s Office at the
Company's expense and allowed reimbursement of
expenses incurred in performance of his duties. The
Chairman of the Company is an Executive Director and
hence this provision is not applicable to us.

Shareholders Rights

Considering the dynamic shareholder demography and
trading on the stock exchanges, as a prudent measure, we
display our quarterly and half yearly results on our website
https://www.wipro.com/ and also publish our results in
widely circulated newspapers. The Shareholders' rights
along with the escalation matrix for handling grievances
is available on the Company's website at https://www.
wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/investor/grievance-
redressal-and-escalation-matrix/shareholder-grievance-
redressal-and-escalation-framework.pdf.

Modified opinion(s) in audit report

The Statutory Auditors have issued an unmodified
opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

Independent Directors

The Independent Directors meet exclusively among
themselves every quarter. They also meet the Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Chief
Financial Officer and other functional and business heads
every quarter to understand and review the industry
landscape, various technological innovations and general
market trends.

NYSE Corporate Governance Listing
Standards

The Company has made necessary disclosures in
compliance with the NYSE Listing Standards and NYSE
Listed Company Manual on its website at https://www.
wipro.com/investors/corporate-governance/corporate-
governance-reports/.
Rishad A. Premji
Bengaluru
Chairman
June 2, 2026
(DIN: 02983899)

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report
Declaration as Required Under Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V of the Listing Regulations
All Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed compliance with Wipro s Code of Business
Conduct for the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
Rishad A. Premji
Chairman
(DIN: 02983899)
Srinivas Pallia
Bengaluru
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
June 2, 2026
(DIN: 10574442)

ANNEXURE I
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
Annual General Meeting
Wednesday,
July 15, 2026 at 9 AM IST
Video Conferencing ( VC )
Instructions for attending AGM/E-voting: Refer Notice of the 80th Annual General Meeting
Annual General Meetings of the last three years and Special Resolutions, if any:
Financial Year
Date and Time
Venue
Special resolutions passed
July 12, 2023 at
9:30 AM
Meeting held
through VC
-
July 18, 2024
at 9 AM
Meeting held
through VC
1.
Re-appointment of Mr. Azim H. Premji (DIN: 00234280) as a
Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director of the Company.
2.
Approval of the Wipro Limited Employee Stock Options, Performance
Stock Unit and/or Restricted Stock Unit Scheme 2024 ( 2024 Scheme )
for grant of employee stock options, performance stock units and/or
restricted stock units to the eligible employees under the 2024 Scheme.
3.
Approval of Wipro Limited Employee Stock Options, Performance Stock
Unit and/or Restricted Stock Unit Scheme 2024 ( 2024 Scheme ) for grant
of employee stock options, performance stock units and/or restricted stock
units to the eligible employees of group company(ies) of the Company.
July 16, 2025
at 9 AM
Meeting held
through VC
-
Details of resolutions passed through postal ballot during financial Year 2025-26 and details
of the voting pattern
During the financial year 2025-26, no resolution was proposed for approval of the members by way of Postal Ballot.
Means of Communication with Shareholders/Analysts
We have established procedures to disseminate, in a planned manner, relevant information to our shareholders, analysts,
employees and the society at large. Our Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee reviews the earnings press releases, Form 20-F,
Securities Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings and annual and quarterly reports of the Company, before they are presented to
the Board for their approval for release. We engage with our investor community through our investor relations team on a regular
basis. Further, the details of the means of communication with shareholders/analysts are given below:
News Releases and
Presentations
All our news releases and presentations made at investor conferences and to analysts are posted on the Company s
website at https://www.wipro.com/investors.
Quarterly results
Our quarterly results are published in widely circulated national newspapers such as Financial Express and the
local daily Kannada Prabha.
Website
The Company s website contains a dedicated section for Investors (https://www.wipro.com/investors), where
annual reports, earnings press releases, stock exchange filings, quarterly reports, and corporate governance
policies are available, apart from the details about the Company, Board of Directors, and Management.
Annual Report
Annual Report containing audited standalone accounts, consolidated financial statements together with
Board s Report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance Report, Management
Discussion and Analysis Report, Auditors Report and other important information are circulated to the Members
entitled thereto through permitted mode(s).
Other
Disclosures/
Filings
Our Form 20-F filed with SEC containing detailed disclosures, along with other disclosures including Press
Releases etc. are available at https://www.wipro.com/investors/annual-reports/.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report
Communication of Results
Means of Communications
Number of times during 2025-26
Earnings Calls
Publication of results
Analysts/Investors Meetings/Analyst Day
Details are provided in the MD & A Report forming part of this Annual Report.
Dividend for FY 2025-26
Pursuant to the approval of the Board on July 17, 2025, the Company had declared an interim dividend of H 5 per equity
share of face value of H 2 each, to shareholders whose names were appearing in the register of members as on July 28,
2025, being the record date fixed for this purpose. The dividend was paid on August 8, 2025.
Further, the Board, on January 16, 2026, had declared an interim dividend of H 6 per equity share of face value of H 2 each,
to shareholders whose names were appearing in the register of members as on January 27, 2026, being the record date
fixed for this purpose. The dividend was paid on February 9, 2026.
The Board has recommended the adoption of the aggregate interim dividend of H11 per equity share (H 5 declared in
July 2025 and H 6 declared in January 2026) as the final dividend for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, subject to
approval by the shareholders at the 80th AGM.
Bonus Shares
The Company did not undertake any bonus issue during the financial year 2025-26.
Financial Calendar
The financial year of the Company starts from the 1st day of April and ends on 31st day of March of the next year. Our
tentative calendar for declaration of results for the financial year 2026-27 are as given below. In addition, the Board may
meet on other dates as and when required.
Quarter Ending
Release of Results
For the Quarter ending June 30, 2026
Third week of July 2026
For the Quarter and half year ending September 30, 2026
Third week of October 2026
For the Quarter and nine months ending December 31, 2026
Third week of January 2027
For the year ending March 31, 2027
Third week of April 2027
The Company generally closes its trading window for declaration of financial results from the 16th of the quarter closure
month until 48 hours after declaration of financial results.
Corporate Information
Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L32102KA1945PLC020800
Company Registration Number: 20800
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN): INE075A01022
CUSIP Number for Wipro American Depositary Shares: 97651M109

Details of exchanges where Company s shares are listed as of March 31, 2026:
Equity shares
Stock Codes
Address
BSE Limited (BSE)
507685
25th floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai
- 400 001, India
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
WIPRO
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
Mumbai - 400 051, India
American Depositary Receipts
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
WIT
11. Wall St, New York, NY 10005, United States of America

Notes

1.
Listing fees for the year 2026-27 have been paid to the Indian Stock Exchanges as on date of this report.

2.
Listing fees to NYSE for the calendar year 2026 has been paid as on date of this report.

3.
The stock code on Reuters is WIPR.NS and on Bloomberg is WPRO:IN
Distribution of Shareholding as on:
Category
(No. of Shares)
March 31, 2026
March 31, 2025
No. of
Shareholders
Shareholders
No. of Shares
% of Total
Equity
No. of
Shareholders
Shareholders
No. of Shares
% of Total
Equity
2,593,811
99.64
328,270,062
3.13
2,422,403
99.64
292,177,357
2.79
5001- 10000
4,417
0.17
30,982,541
0.30
3,949
0.16
27,680,452
0.26
10001- 20000
1,974
0.08
28,204,576
0.27
1,850
0.08
26,547,555
0.25
20001- 30000
0.03
17,935,251
0.17
0.03
17,110,413
0.16
30001- 40000
0.01
13,022,553
0.12
0.01
12,479,388
0.12
40001- 50000
0.01
10,145,659
0.10
0.01
11,841,259
0.11
50001- 100000
0.02
38,122,853
0.36
0.02
37,616,776
0.36
100001 & Above
1,075
0.04
10,021,728,963
95.55
1,132
0.05
10,046,682,849
95.95
Total
2,603,144
100.00
10,488,412,458
100.00
2,431,183
100.00
10,472,136,049
100.00
Category of Equity Shareholding as on:
Category
shares held as on
March 31, 2026
Percentage
of Holding
shares held as on
March 31, 2025
Percentage
of Holding
Promoters and Promoter Group
7,616,840,898
72.62
7,616,840,898
72.73
Foreign Portfolio Investors
872,436,515
8.32
874,807,516
8.35
Insurance Companies
323,745,579
3.09
319,599,713
3.05
Mutual Fund
451,725,657
4.31
427,088,438
4.08
Resident Individuals
692,701,423
6.6
685,415,439
6.54
Others
530,962,386
5.06
548,384,045
5.25
Total
10,488,412,458
100.00
10,472,136,049
100.00

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report
Top Ten Equity Shareholders of the Company (Excluding Promoters & Promoter Group)
Name of the shareholders*
shares held
Percentage
of holding
Life Insurance Corporation of India
280,158,134
2.67
JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA
259,686,662
2.48
ICICI Prudential Technology Fund
161,485,400
1.54
SBI Nifty 50 ETF
81,678,919
0.78
ALCO Company Private Limited
70,177,000
0.67
Government Pension Fund Global
51,305,671
0.49
Tata Digital India Fund
44,037,234
0.42
Kotak Midcap Fund
36,890,458
0.35
Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund, A Series
33,118,654
0.32
Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund
29,797,110
0.28
*Shareholding is consolidated based on Permanent Account Number of the shareholders.
Other Disclosures
Description of Voting Rights
All our equity shares carry voting rights on a pari-passu basis.
Dematerialisation of Shares and
Liquidity
99.96% of outstanding equity shares have been dematerialized as of March 31, 2026.
Outstanding ADR/GDR/Warrants or
any other Convertible instruments,
Conversion Date and Likely Impact
on Equity
The Company has 2.48% of outstanding ADRs as on March 31, 2026.
Commodity Price Risk or Foreign
Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities
The Company had no exposure to commodity risks for the financial year 2025-26. For
Foreign exchange risk and hedging activities, please refer Management Discussion and
Analysis Report for details.
Credit Ratings
During the financial year 2025-26, the ratings committee of ICRA has reaffirmed the long-
term rating for lines of credit of Wipro Limited at [ICRA] AAA. The Outlook on the long term
rating is stable. The ratings committee of ICRA has also reaffirmed the short-term rating for
lines of credit of Wipro Limited at [ICRA] A1+. Fitch Ratings has assigned Long-term foreign
and local currency Issuer Default Ratings (IDR) and foreign currency senior unsecured
rating of A-. Standard & Poor has also assigned a rating of A-. The outlook is stable.
Plant Locations
The Company has various offices in India and abroad. Details of these locations as on
March 31, 2026, are available on our website www.wipro.com.
Details of utilization of funds raised
through preferential allotment or
qualified institutions placement as
specified under Regulation 32 (7A) of
the Listing Regulations
During the financial year 2025-26, no funds were raised through preferential allotment or
Qualified Institutional Placement as per the Regulation 32(7A) of the Listing Regulations.
Loans and advances in the nature of
loans to firms/companies in which
directors are interested by name
and amount
During the financial year, the Company has not provided any loans and advances in the
nature of loans to firms/companies in which Directors are interested.

Registrar and Share Transfer Agent
Company s share transfer and related activities are operated
through its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent: KFin
Technologies Limited. The details of the Share Transfer
Agent are provided under the section Investor Queries and
Grievances Redressal . The same is also available on the
Company s website at https://www.wipro.com/investors/
investor-contacts/.
Share Transfer System
In accordance with the proviso to Regulation 40(1) of the Listing
Regulations, effective from April 1, 2019, transfers of shares of the
Company shall not be processed unless the shares are held in the
dematerialized form with a depository. Accordingly, shareholders
holding equity shares in physical form are urged to have their
shares dematerialized so as to be able to freely transfer them.
Registering of E-mail Address
Members who have not yet registered their e-mail address
for availing the facility of e-communication, are requested to
register the same with the Company/RTA or their DPs for easier
and faster correspondence.
Members holding shares in dematerialised form are requested
to contact their respective Depository Participant(s) to register/
update their email address.
Members holding shares in physical form may register their email
address by writing to the Company s Registrar and Transfer Agent
(RTA), KFin Technologies Limited at Selenium Building, Tower-B,
Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally,
Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Telangana, India - 500 032 along with
the duly completed Form ISR-1 along with the related proofs, which
is available at https://www.wipro.com/investors/faqs/.
Online Application for Investor Query
Pursuant to SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD-1/P/
CIR/2023/72 dated June 8, 2023, Members are hereby notified
that our RTA, KFin Technologies Limited has launched an online
application which can be accessed at https://ris.kfintech.com/
default.aspx > Investor Services > Investor Support.
Members are requested to register/signup, using the Name,
PAN, Mobile and email ID. Post registration, user can login via
OTP and execute activities like, raising Service Request, Query,
Complaints, check for status, KYC details, Dividend, Interest,
Redemptions, e-Meeting and e-Voting details.
Quick link to access the signup page: https://kprism.kfintech.
com/signup.
Investor Queries and Grievances Redressal
The Company has established a structured and transparent
mechanism for redressal of investor queries and grievances
through a defined escalation matrix. Shareholders may, in the
first instance, address their queries or grievances relating to
shares, dividend, transfer, dematerialisation, annual reports
or other related matters either to the RTA, KFin Technologies
Limited or to the Company, whose contact details are provided
below. Further details on redressal of shareholder grievances
and escalation matrix is available on the Company s website
at https://www.wipro.com/content/dam/nexus/en/investor/
grievance-redressal-and-escalation-matrix/shareholder-
grievance-redressal-and-escalation-framework.pdf.
KFin Technologies Limited, Unit: Wipro Limited,
Selenium Building, Tower-B, Plot No. 31 & 32, Financial District,
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad, Rangareddy,
Telangana, India - 500 032 Toll Free No.: 1800-309-4001.
Contact Person
Ms. Baireddy Swati Reddy - E-mail id: swati.baireddy@kfintech.com
Ms. Rajitha Cholleti - E-mail id: rajitha.cholleti@kfintech.com
Shareholders Grievances can also be sent through e-mail to
the following designated E-mail id: einward.ris@kfintech.com.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report
Shareholders can also send their correspondence to the
Company with respect to their shares, dividend, request
for annual reports and shareholder grievances. The contact
details are provided below:
Mr. M. Sanaulla Khan
Senior Vice President and
Company Secretary
Doddakannelli, Sarjapur
Road, Bengaluru - 560 035
Ph: +91 80 28440011
(Extn: 226185)
E-mail: sanaulla.khan@wipro.
com
Mr. Mahadev Prakash
General Manager & Head-
Corporate Secretarial
Doddakannelli, Sarjapur
Road, Bengaluru - 560 035
Ph: +91 80 28440011
(Extn: 226183)
E-mail: mahadev.prakash@
wipro.com
Analysts can reach our Investor Relations
Team for any queries and clarification on
Financial/Investor Relations related matters
Mr. Abhishek Jain
Corporate Treasurer and Head Investor Relations
Bengaluru - 560 035
Ph: +91 80 28440011
(Extn: 227201)
E-mail
abhishek.jain2@wipro.com
Mr. Harshad Ambekar
Senior
Manager,
Investor
Relations,
Bengaluru - 560 035
Ph: +91 80 28440011
(Extn: 226126)
E-mail
harshad.ambekar@wipro.com
In case of any queries, stakeholders are requested to write
to the above-mentioned Email IDs for a quicker response.
If the grievance is not resolved at this level, shareholders may
escalate the matter to the concerned Stock Exchange(s),
viz. BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India
Limited, with supporting documents, or lodge a complaint
through SEBI s online grievance redressal platform, SEBI
Complaints Redress System (SCORES), available at https://
scores.sebi.gov.in/.
In the event the grievance remains unresolved or the
shareholder is not satisfied with the resolution provided through
the aforesaid forums, the shareholder may, as a final recourse,
opt for Online Dispute Resolution through SEBI s SMART
ODR platform accessible at https://smartodr.in/, or pursue
appropriate civil remedies in accordance with applicable laws.
Depositary for ADS
Overseas Depositary for ADSs - J.P. Morgan
Chase Bank N.A.
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 270 Park Avenue,
Floor 8 New York, NY 10017
General: +1 800 990 1135
From outside the U.S.: +1 651 453 2128
Tel: +1 212 552 8926 New York
E-mail: drx_depo@jpmorgan.com
Indian Custodian for ADSs
India Sub Custody Office
Address: JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., 3rd Floor, JP Morgan
Tower, OFF C.S.T. Road, Kalina, Santacruz (East), Mumbai -
400 098
Phone: +91 022 6649 2515 | F: +91 022 6649 2509
The e-mail address and contact details for all
service-related queries is:
india.custody.client.service@jpmorgan.com
Contact Persons
Nekzad Behramkamdin - E-mail id: nekzad.
behramkamdin@jpmorgan.com
Nayan Vyas - E-mail id: nayan.x.vyas@jpmorgan.com

Corporate Governance Compliance Certificate
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para E of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
Corporate Identity Number: L32102KA1945PLC020800
Nominal Capital: H 2,535.20 Crores
The Members of
Bengaluru - 560035
We have examined all the relevant records of Wipro Limited for the purpose of certifying compliance of the conditions of the
Corporate Governance under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for the financial year
ended March 31, 2026. We have obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of certification.
The compliance of conditions of corporate governance is the responsibility of the Management. Our examination was limited
to the procedure and implementation process adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the
corporate governance.
This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the
management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations and information furnished to us, we certify
that the Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Schedule II of the
said Regulations. As regards Discretionary Requirements specified in Part E of Schedule II of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company has complied with items C, E and F.
For V. SREEDHARAN & ASSOCIATES
Company Secretaries
(V. Sreedharan)
Partner
FCS: 2347; CP No. 833
Date: May 25, 2026
UDIN: F002347H000478218
Place: Bengaluru
Peer Review Certificate No. 5543/2024

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Corporate Governance Report
Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
The Members of
Bengaluru 560035
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of
Wipro Limited, having CIN: L32102KA1945PLC020800 and having registered office at Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road,
Bengaluru 560035 (hereinafter referred to as the Company ), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of
issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification
Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the
Company & its officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for
the Financial Year ending on March 31, 2026 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as
Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), or
any such other Statutory Authority.
Details of Directors
Name of Director
Designation
DIN
Date of
appointment in
1.
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji
Non-Executive - Non-Independent Director
00234280
01/09/1968
2.
Mr. Rishad Azim Premji
Executive Director, Chairman of the Board and
02983899
01/05/2015
3.
Mr. Srinivas Pallia
Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
10574442
07/04/2024
4.
Ms. Tulsi Naidu
Non-Executive - Independent Director
03017471
01/07/2021
5.
Dr. Patrick John Ennis
Non-Executive - Independent Director
07463299
01/04/2016
6.
Mr. Patrick Lucien Andre Dupuis
Non-Executive - Independent Director
07480046
01/04/2016
7.
Mr. Deepak Madhav Satwalekar
Non-Executive - Independent Director
00009627
01/07/2020
8.
Ms. Paivi Elina Rekonen Fleischer
Non-Executive - Independent Director
09669696
01/10/2022
9.
Mr. Kannan Narayanan Srinivasa
Non-Executive - Independent Director
00066009
01/10/2023

Notes
1.
Dr. Patrick John Ennis (DIN: 07463299) and Mr. Patrick Lucien Andre Dupuis (DIN: 07480046), Independent Directors retired
from the Company's Board of Directors, with effect from close of business hours on March 31, 2026, after completion of their
tenure under Section 149(11) of the Companies Act, 2013.
2.
The Board of Directors on March 5, 2026 through circular resolution, approved the appointment of Ms. Laura Marie Miller
(DIN: 11546063) as an Additional Director in the capacity of Independent Director for a term of 5 years with effect from
April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2031. The said appointment has subsequently been approved by the shareholders of the Company.
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of
the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to
the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs
of the Company.
For V. SREEDHARAN & ASSOCIATES
Company Secretaries
(V. Sreedharan)
Partner
FCS: 2347; CP No. 833
Date: June 2, 2026
UDIN: F002347H000566515
Place: Bengaluru
Peer Review Certificate No. 5543/2024

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
To The Members of Wipro Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Financial Statements of Wipro
Limited (the Company ), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026,
and the Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash Flows and for the year
ended on that date, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of
material accounting policies and other explanatory information (herein after referred
to as the Standalone Financial Statements ).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations
given to us, the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements give the information
required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act ) in the manner so required and give
a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted
in India, including Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act, of the state of affairs
of the Company as at March 31, 2026, and its profit, other comprehensive loss, the
changes in equity and cash flows for the year ended on that date.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements in accordance
with the Standards on Auditing ( SA s) specified under section 143(10) of the Act.
Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor s
Responsibility for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our
report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) together with
the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements
and the ICAI s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Standalone
KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is a matter that, in our professional judgment, is of most significance
in our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of the current period. This matter
was addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements as a
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on this matter. We have determined the matter described below to be the key audit
matter to be communicated in our report.
Independent Auditor s Report

completion method - Refer Notes 2 (iii)(a), 3(xiii)B(i) and 22 to
the financial statements.
Key Audit Matter Description
Company to determine the project costs incurred to date as
a percentage of total estimated project costs at completion.
The estimation of total project costs involves significant
judgement and is assessed throughout the period of the
contract to reflect any changes based on the latest available
information. In addition, provisions for estimated losses, if any,
on uncompleted contracts are recorded in the period in which
such losses become probable based on the total estimated
project costs.
where the percentage-of-completion method is used as a key
audit matter because of the significant judgement involved in
estimating the efforts to complete such contracts.
the total estimated efforts used to recognise revenue from fixed-
How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to estimates of efforts to complete
unauthorised changes to recording of efforts incurred.
Read the contract and based on the terms and
conditions evaluated whether recognizing revenue
over time using percentage-of-completion method
was appropriate, and confirmed that the contract was
included in management s calculation of revenue
over time.
methodologies to estimate progress towards
satisfying the performance obligation.
Compared efforts incurred to date with Company s
estimate of efforts incurred to date to identify
significant variations and evaluate whether those
variations have been considered appropriately
in estimating the remaining efforts to complete
Tested the estimate for consistency with the status
of delivery of milestones, customer acceptances and
other related information to identify possible delays
in achieving milestones, which require changes
in estimated efforts to complete the remaining
performance obligations.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR S
REPORT THEREON
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the
other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Management Discussion and
Analysis, Board s Report including Annexures to Board s
report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
and Corporate Governance Report, but does not include the
Consolidated Financial Statements, Standalone Financial
Statements and our auditor s report thereon.
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does
not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial
Statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the
other information is materially inconsistent with the
Standalone Financial Statements or our knowledge
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT
AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR THE
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the
preparation of these standalone financial statements that
give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial
performance including other comprehensive income, cash
flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India,
including Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act.
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of
the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities;
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies;
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and
prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of
adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and
presentation of the financial statements that give a true and
fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements,
management and Board of Directors is responsible for
assessing the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the Board of Directors either intend to liquidate
the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so.
The Company s Board of Directors is also responsible for
overseeing the Company s financial reporting process.
AUDITOR S RESPONSIBILITY FOR
THE AUDIT OF THE STANDALONE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the Standalone Financial Statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when IT
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Standalone
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement
of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under
section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible
for expressing our opinion on whether the Company
has adequate internal financial controls with reference
to Standalone Financial Statements in place and the
operating effectiveness of such controls.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
and related disclosures made by the management.

Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use of
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt on the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we
are required to draw attention in our auditor s report to the
related disclosures in the Standalone Financial Statements
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
up to the date of our auditor s report. However, future events
or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue
as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the
Standalone Financial Statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the Standalone Financial Statements represent
the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Standalone
Financial Statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes
IT probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably
knowledgeable user of the Standalone Financial Statements
may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and
qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work
and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate
the effect of any identified misstatements in the Standalone
We communicate with those charged with governance
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any
significant deficiencies in internal financial controls that we
identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate
with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with
governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor s report unless law
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND
REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
1.
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our
audit we report that:

We have sought and obtained all the information and
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.

In our opinion, proper books of account as required
by law have been kept by the Company so far as IT
appears from our examination of those books.

The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss
including Other Comprehensive Income, Statement
of Changes in Equity and the Statement of Cash
Flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with
the books of account.

In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial
Statements comply with the Ind AS specified under
Section 133 of the Act.

On the basis of the written representations received
from the directors as on March 31, 2026 taken
on record by the Board of Directors, none of the
directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from
being appointed as a director in terms of Section
164(2) of the Act.

With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial
controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements of the Company and the operating
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate
Report in Annexure A . Our report expresses
an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and
operating effectiveness of the Company s internal
financial controls with reference to Standalone

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

in the Auditor s Report in accordance with the
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as
amended, in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations
given to us, the remuneration paid by the
Company to its directors during the year is in
accordance with the provisions of section 197 of
the Act.

in the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014, as amended in our opinion and to the
best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us:

The Company has disclosed the impact of
pending litigations on its financial position
in its Standalone Financial Statements
- Refer Note 34 to the Standalone

The Company has made provision,
as required under the applicable law
or accounting standards, for material
foreseeable losses, if any, on long-term
contracts including derivative contracts
- Refer Note 18 to the Standalone

There has been no delay in transferring
amounts, required to be transferred, to the
Investor Education and Protection Fund by

The Management has represented
that, to the best of its knowledge and
belief, no funds have been advanced
or loaned or invested (either from
borrowed funds or share premium
or any other sources or kind of
funds) by the Company to or in any
other person or entity, including
foreign entities ( Intermediaries ),
with the understanding, whether
recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Intermediary shall, directly
or indirectly lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in
any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the Company ( Ultimate
Beneficiaries ) or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on

The Management has represented,
that, to the best of its knowledge
and belief, no funds have been
received by the Company from any
entities ( Funding Parties ), with the
understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Company
shall, directly or indirectly, lend or
invest in other persons or entities
identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Funding Party
( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide

Based on the audit procedures performed
that have been considered reasonable and
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing
has come to our notice that has caused us
to believe that the representations under
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain
any material misstatement.

The interim dividends declared and paid by the
Company during the year is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act, as applicable.

vi.
Based on our examination, which included test
checks, the Company has used accounting
software systems for maintaining its books
of account for the financial year ended March
31, 2026 which have the feature of recording
audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has
operated throughout the year for all relevant
transactions recorded in the software systems.
Further, during the course of our audit we did
not come across any instance of the audit trail
feature being tampered with and the audit trail
has been preserved by the Company as per the
statutory requirements for record retention.
2.
As required by the Companies (Auditor s Report) Order,
2020 ( the Order ) issued by the Central Government in
terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in Annexure
B a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3
and 4 of the Order.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 117366W/W - 100018
Anand Subramanian
Partner
Bengaluru
Membership No. 110815
June 2, 2026
UDIN: 26110815XKZVMT7408

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory
Requirements section of our report of even date)
REPORT ON THE INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH
REFERENCE TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
UNDER CLAUSE (I) OF SUB-SECTION 3 OF SECTION 143 OF
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (THE ACT )
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements of Wipro Limited (the Company ) as at March 31, 2026 in conjunction
with our audit of the standalone Ind AS financial statements of the Company for the
year ended on that date.
MANAGEMENT S AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS
RESPONSIBILITIES FOR INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The Company s management and Board of Directors are responsible for establishing
and maintaining internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements based on the internal control with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively
for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to
the company s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of
frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies
Act, 2013.
AUDITOR S RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls
with reference to Standalone Financial Statements of the Company based on our
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the Guidance Note ) issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing
prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable
to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with
ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to Standalone
Financial Statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated
effectively in all material respects.
Annexure A
to The Independent Auditor s Report

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls
with reference to Standalone Financial Statements and their
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls
with reference to Standalone Financial Statements included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with
reference to Standalone Financial Statements, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the
auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
the Company s internal financial controls with reference to
Standalone Financial Statements.
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL
CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
A company's internal financial control with reference to
Standalone Financial Statements is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company's internal financial
control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorisations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition
of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL
FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE
TO STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls
with reference to Standalone Financial Statements, including
the possibility of collusion or improper management override
of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation
of the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone
Financial Statements to future periods are subject to the risk
that the internal financial control with reference to Standalone
Financial Statements may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
OPINION
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us in all material respects, an adequate
internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial
Statements and such internal financial controls with reference
to Standalone Financial Statements were operating effectively
as at March 31, 2026, based on the criteria for internal financial
control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements
established by the Company considering the essential
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 117366W/W - 100018
Anand Subramanian
Partner
Bengaluru
Membership No. 110815
June 2, 2026
UDIN: 26110815XKZVMT7408

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Annexure B
tto the Independent Auditor s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory
Requirements section of our report to the Members of Wipro Limited of even date)
To the best of our information and according to the explanations provided to us by
the Company and the books of account and records examined by us in the normal
course of audit, we state that:
In respect of the Company s Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets:

(A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars,
including quantitative details and situation of Property, Plant and
Equipment and relevant details of right-of-use assets.

(B)
The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars
of intangible assets.

The Company has a program of physical verification of Property, Plant and
Equipment and right-of-use assets so to cover all the assets once every
three years which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size
of the Company and the nature of its assets. Pursuant to the program,
certain Property, Plant and Equipment and right-of-use assets were due for
verification during the year and were physically verified by the Management
during the year. According to the information and explanations given to us,
no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.

Based on the examination of the registered sale deed / transfer deed /
conveyance deed / the property tax receipts and lease agreement for land
on which building is constructed provided to us, we report that, the title
deeds of all the immovable properties (other than immovable properties
where the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly
executed in favour of the Company) disclosed in the financial statements
included in property, plant and equipment are held in the name of the
Company as at the balance sheet date.

(d)
The Company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and Equipment
(including right-of-use assets) and intangible assets during the year.

(e)
No proceedings have been initiated during the year or are pending against
the Company as at March 31, 2026 for holding any benami property under
the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) and
rules made thereunder.

The inventories were physically verified during the
year by the Management at reasonable intervals.
In our opinion and according to the information
and explanations given to us, the coverage and
procedure of such verification by the Management is
appropriate having regard to the size of the Company
and the nature of its operations. No discrepancies
of 10% or more in the aggregate for each class of
inventories were noticed on such physical verification
of inventories when compared with books of account.

According to the information and explanations given
to us, the Company has not been sanctioned working
capital limits in excess of Rs. 5 crores, in aggregate,
at any point of time during the year, from banks
or financial institutions on the basis of security of
current assets.

Hence, reporting on the quarterly returns or statements
filed by the Company with such banks or financial
institutions is not applicable to the Company.
(iii) The Company has neither made any investments in firms
and Limited Liability Partnerships nor provided loans
or advances in the nature of loans or provided security
to any companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships
or any other parties during the year hence reporting
under clause 3 (iii) of the order is not applicable to the
Company in respect of the above type of transactions.
However, the Company has stood guarantee on behalf of
the subsidiaries during the year and details of which are
given below.
Guarantees
Aggregate amount granted/
provided during the year on behalf
of subsidiaries
10,887
Balance outstanding as at balance
sheet date in respect of above cases
10,887

The Company has made investments in companies during
the year and our reporting in respect of clause 3 (iii) (b) is
as under:

The investments made, guarantees provided and
the terms and conditions of guarantees provided,
during the year are, in our opinion, prima facie, not
prejudicial to the Company s interest.
(iv) The Company has complied with the provisions of Sections
185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 in respect of
loans granted, investments made and guarantees and
securities provided, as applicable.
The Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts
which are deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting under
clause (v) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(vi) The maintenance of cost records has not been specified for
the activities of the Company by the Central Government
under section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 for the
business activities carried out by the Company. Hence
reporting under Clause (vi) of the order is not applicable
to the Company.
(vii) In respect of statutory dues:

In our opinion, undisputed statutory dues, including
Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees
State Insurance, Income-tax, Sales Tax, Service tax,
duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax,
cess and any other material statutory dues applicable
to the Company have generally been regularly
deposited by IT with the appropriate authorities.

There were no undisputed amounts payable in
respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund,
Income-tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom,
duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, cess and other
material statutory dues in arrears as at March 31,
2026 for a period of more than six months from the
date they became payable.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

Details of statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on March 31,
2026 on account of disputes are given below:
Name of Statute
Nature of dues
Forum where
dispute is
Period to which the
amount relates
Amount
Involved
Amount not
deposited as
at March
31, 2026
The Central Excise Act, 1944 Excise Duty
Assistant
Commissioner
1991-92 to 2014-15
The Central Excise Act, 1944 Excise Duty
Commissioner
2004-05 to 2014-15
The Central Excise Act, 1944 Excise Duty
Commissioner
(Appeals)
1995-96 to 2012-13
The Central Excise Act, 1944 Excise Duty
CESTAT
2004-05 to 2012-13
The Customs Act, 1962
Customs Duty
Assistant
Commissioner
of Customs
1994-95 to 2008-09
The Customs Act, 1962
Customs Duty
CESTAT
1991-92 to
The Customs Act, 1962
Customs Duty
Commissioner
1990-91 to 2009-10
The Customs Act, 1962
Customs Duty
Commissioner
(Appeals)
1997-98 to
The Customs Act, 1962
Customs Duty
Madras High
Court
The Customs Act, 1962
Customs Duty
Karnataka High
Court
The Customs Act, 1962
Customs Duty-
Penalty
Karnataka High
Court
2001-02 to 2004-05
2,711
2,631
Finance Act, 1994
Service tax
Assistant
Commissioner
2008-09 to 2009-10,
2016-17 and 2017-18
Finance Act, 1994
Service tax
Commissioner
2008-09 to 2009-10 and
2014-15 to 2017-18
1,542
1,392
Finance Act, 1994
Service tax
Commissioner
(Appeals)
2004-05 to
Finance Act, 1994
Service tax
Supreme Court
2002-03 to 2007-08
1,502
Finance Act, 1994
Service tax
CESTAT
2004-05 to
Finance Act, 1994
Service tax-
Penalty
Supreme Court
2002-03 to 2007-08
Finance Act, 1994
Service Tax-
Penalty
Commissioner
(Appeals)
2005-06 to 2009-10
Finance Act, 1994
Service Tax-
Penalty
Assistant
Commissioner
2008-09, 2009-10
Finance Act, 1994
Service Tax-
Penalty
Commissioner
2008-09, 2009-10
Finance Act, 1994
Service Tax-
Penalty
CESTAT
2008-09 to 2011-12

Name of Statute
Nature of dues
Forum where dispute is
Period to which the
amount relates
Amount
Involved
Amount not
deposited as
at March
31, 2026
Sales Tax / VAT
Sales Tax / VAT
Assistant Commissioner/
Deputy Commissioner
1986-87 to 2017-18
4,113
Sales Tax / VAT
Sales Tax / VAT
Commissioner (Appeals)
1988-89 to 2017-18
1,774
1,649
Sales Tax / VAT
Sales Tax / VAT
Additional Commissioner
(Appeals)
1990 -91 to 2005-06
Sales Tax / VAT
Sales Tax / VAT
Commercial Tax Tribunal
-
Sales Tax / VAT
Sales Tax / VAT
Deputy Commissioner
(Appeals)
-
Sales Tax / VAT
Sales Tax / VAT
Tamil Nadu Sales Tax
Appellate Tribunal
1986-87 to 1990-91
Sales Tax / VAT
Sales Tax / VAT
Tribunal
2009-10 to 2016-17
Sales Tax / VAT
Sales Tax / VAT
High Court
2002-03 to 2013-14
Sales Tax/ VAT
Sales Tax/ VAT
Supreme Court
Sales Tax/ VAT
Sales Tax/ VAT
Assessing Officer
Goods and Services Tax
Goods and
Services Tax
Appellate Authority
2017-18 to 2021-22
1,784
1,283
Goods and Services Tax
Goods and
Services Tax
Assistant Commissioner
Goods and Services Tax
Goods and
Services Tax
Deputy Commissioner
2018-19 and 2020-2021
Goods and Services Tax
Goods and
Services Tax
High Court
2017-18, 2018-19
2,719
2,646
Income Tax - TDS Commissioner of Income
tax (Appeals) - TDS
2003-04, 2011-12, 2017-
18, 2018-19, 2020-21
to 2023-24, 2009-10 to
2013-14, 2009-10 to
2011-12, 2014-15 to
2018-19, 2020-21 to
Income Tax
Assessing Officer
Income Tax
Commissioner of Income
tax (Appeals)
Income Tax
Income Tax Appellate
Tribunal
2007-08, 2009-10, 2019-
20, 2020-21, 2021-22
13,010
11,910
The Employees
Provident Funds
And Miscellaneous
Provisions, ACT, 1952
Provident Fund
The Employees Provident
Funds Appellate Tribunal
2006-07 to 2013-14
The Employees
Provident Funds
And Miscellaneous
Provisions, ACT, 1952
Provident Fund
High Court
2014-15 to 2020-2021
3,325

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
(viii) There were no transactions relating to previously
unrecorded income that were surrendered or
disclosed as income in the tax assessments under the
Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) during the year.
(ix) (a)
In our opinion, the Company has not defaulted
in the repayment of loans or other borrowings or
in the payment of interest thereon to any lender
during the year.

The Company has not been declared wilful
defaulter by any bank or financial institution or
government or any government authority.

The Company has not taken any term loan during
the year and there are no unutilised term loans at
the beginning of the year and hence, reporting
under clause (ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable
to the Company.

(d)
On an overall examination of the financial
statements of the Company, funds raised on
short-term basis have, prima facie, not been
used during the year for long-term purposes by

(e)
On an overall examination of the financial
statements of the Company, the Company has
not taken any funds from any entity or person
on account of or to meet the obligations of its
subsidiaries or associates.

(f)
The Company has not raised any loans during
the year on the pledge of securities held in
its subsidiaries and hence reporting under
clause (ix)(f) of the Order is not applicable to
(x)
The Company has not raised moneys by way of
initial public offer or further public offer (including
debt instruments) during the year and hence
reporting under clause (x)(a) of the Order is not

During the year the Company has not made
any preferential allotment or private placement
of shares or convertible debentures (fully or
partly or optionally) and hence reporting under
clause (x)(b) of the Order is not applicable to
(xi) (a)
To the best of our knowledge, no fraud by the
Company and no material fraud on the Company
has been noticed or reported during the year.

No report under sub-section (12) of section 143
of the Companies Act has been filed in Form
ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central
Government, during the year and upto the date
of this report.

We have taken into consideration the whistle
blower complaints received by the Company
during the year (and upto the date of this report)
and provided to us, when performing our audit.
(xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence
reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not
(xiii) In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with
Section 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, where
applicable, for all transactions with the related parties
and the details of related party transactions have been
disclosed in the financial statements as required by
the applicable accounting standards.
(xiv) (a)
In our opinion, the Company has an adequate
internal audit system commensurate with the size
and the nature of its business.

We have considered, the internal audit reports
provided to us for the year under audit and till
date, when performing our audit.
(xv) In our opinion, during the year the Company has
not entered into any non-cash transactions with its
directors or persons connected with its directors and
hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act,
2013 are not applicable to the Company.
(xvi) (a)
In our opinion, the Company is not required to be
registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve
Bank of India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under
clause (xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not

The Group does not have any Core Investment
Company as part of the Group and accordingly
reporting under clause (xvi)(d) of the Order is not

(xvii) The Company has not incurred cash losses during the
financial year covered by our audit and the immediately
preceding financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of
the Company during the year.
(xix) On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected
dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of
financial liabilities, other information accompanying the
financial statements and our knowledge of the Board
of Directors and Management plans and based on our
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions,
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to
believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date
of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable
of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance
sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year
from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is
not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company.
We further state that our reporting is based on the facts
up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any
guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date,
will get discharged by the Company as and when they
fall due.
(xx) (a)
There is no unspent amount towards Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR) on other than ongoing
projects requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in
Schedule VII to the Companies Act or special account
in compliance with the provision of sub-section (6) of
section 135 of the said Act. Accordingly, reporting
under clause (xx)(a) of the Order is not applicable to

In respect of ongoing projects, the Company has
transferred unspent Corporate Social Responsibility
(CSR) amount, to a Special account before the date
of this report and within a period of 30 days from
the end of the financial year in compliance with the
provision of section 135(6) of the Act.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 117366W/W - 100018
Anand Subramanian
Partner
Bengaluru
Membership No. 110815
June 2, 2026
UDIN: 26110815XKZVMT7408

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Notes
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
ASSETS

Non-current assets

68,146
70,517

Right-of-Use assets
14,506
12,909

4,122
1,785

Goodwill
6,098
6,082

Financial assets

Investments
242,145
204,399

Derivative assets
-
^

Unbilled receivables
7,010
-

4,291
3,538

Deferred tax assets (net)
2,102

Non-current tax assets (net)
5,558
7,075

Other non-current assets
6,848
5,474

361,256
312,953

Current assets

Inventories

Financial assets

Investments
394,720
409,568

Derivative assets
1,578

Trade receivables
96,616
80,796

Unbilled receivables
46,202
37,436

26,778
44,342

6,694
5,973

Current tax assets (net)
6,308
3,781

Contract assets
7,352
9,815

Other current assets
26,142
22,408

Total current assets
612,168
616,319
TOTAL ASSETS
973,424
929,272
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY

Equity share capital
20,977
20,944

Other equity
615,820
613,930
TOTAL EQUITY
636,797
634,874
Balance Sheet

Notes
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
LIABILITIES

Non-current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Lease liabilities
15,213
11,978

Trade payables

(a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises
-

(b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and
small enterprises
3,719
-

1,051

Provisions
1,838
2,600

Deferred tax liabilities (net)
-
1,315

Non-current tax liabilities (net)
44,420
38,525

Other non-current liabilities
17,877
12,703

83,798
68,172

Current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Borrowings
61,500
60,500

Lease liabilities
4,148
3,813

Derivative liabilities
9,799

Trade payables

(a) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises
2,315
1,286

(b) Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and
small enterprises
57,788
66,537

28,681
22,656

Contract liabilities
18,829
15,162

10,479
10,037

Provisions
13,058
13,167

Current tax liabilities (net)
46,232
32,100

252,829
226,226
TOTAL LIABILITIES
336,627
294,398
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
973,424
929,272
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.: 117366W/W - 100018
Rishad A. Premji
Chairman
(DIN: 02983899)
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Director
(DIN: 00009627)
Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Anand Subramanian
Partner
Membership No.: 110815
Aparna C. Iyer
Chief Financial Officer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Company Secretary
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Notes
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
INCOME

Revenue from operations
713,451
685,750

Other income
47,491
39,477
Total income
760,942
725,227
EXPENSES

Purchases of stock-in-trade
3,352
2,113

Changes in inventories of stock-in-
trade

Employee benefits expense
388,809
383,850

Finance costs
10,959
10,018

Depreciation, amortisation and
14,182
15,013

Sub-contracting and technical
fees
126,442
112,812

Facility expenses
12,542
12,350

Software license expense for
internal use
17,331
16,023

Travel
11,447
11,646

Communication
2,333
2,335

Legal and professional charges
6,075
7,189

3,031
3,117

Other expenses
5,239
2,546
Total expenses
601,890
579,102
159,052
146,125
Tax expense

Current tax
38,349
39,934

Deferred tax
(593)
(2,940)
Total tax expense
37,756
36,994
121,296
109,131
Other comprehensive income (OCI)
profit or loss:

Re-measurements of the defined

Net change in fair value of
measured at fair value through OCI
(9)

Income taxes relating to items that
will not be reclassified to profit or
(49)
(73)
Statements of Profit and Loss

Notes
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:

Net change in time value of option contracts designated as cash flow hedges
(248)

Net change in intrinsic value of option contracts designated as cash flow hedges
(1,622)

Net change in fair value of forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges
(7,478)
(787)

Net change in fair value of investment in debt instruments measured at fair value
through OCI
(2,413)
1,189

Income taxes relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
2,468
(24)
Total other comprehensive income/(losses) for the year, net of taxes
(8,665)
112,631
109,688
Earnings per equity share
(Equity shares of par value H 2 each)

Basic
11.59
10.44

Diluted
11.55
10.40
Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing earnings per
equity share

Basic
10,476,247,846
10,456,741,552

Diluted
10,503,422,936
10,488,939,392
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.: 117366W/W - 100018
Rishad A. Premji
Chairman
(DIN: 02983899)
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Director
(DIN: 00009627)
Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Anand Subramanian
Partner
Membership No.: 110815
Aparna C. Iyer
Chief Financial Officer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Company Secretary
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
A. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
April 1, 2025
April 1, 2025
during the current year
March 31, 2026(2)
20,944
-
20,944
20,977
April 1, 2024
April 1, 2024
during the previous year(1)
March 31, 2025(2)
10,450
-
10,450
10,494
20,944
(1) I 10,467 is towards issue of bonus shares (Refer to Note 29) and I 27 is towards proceeds from issue of equity shares on exercise of options.
(2) As at March 31, 2026, the Company has 10,488,412,458 equity shares of I 2 each (March 31, 2025: 10,472,136,049 equity shares). As at March 31, 2026, the Company has 11,905,480
treasury shares (March 31, 2025 : 11,905,480 treasury shares), held by a controlled trust consolidated as part of the Company.
Statements of Changes in Equity

B. OTHER EQUITY
Share
Reserves and Surplus
Total
Securities
Capital
Capital
Retained
Common
control
transactions
Share
Special
Economic
Zone re-
Cash flow
Foreign
Remeasurements
Investment
through OCI
Investment
through OCI
Balance as at April 1, 2025
^
2,240
1,139
571,291
2,473
6,985
27,778
(241)
1,882
2,360
(2,149)
613,930

-
121,296
-
121,296

Other comprehensive
-
(6,878)
-
(2,094)
(8,665)
Total comprehensive
income for the year
-
121,296
-
(6,878)
-
(2,094)
112,631
Issue of equity shares on
exercise of options
-
3,530
-
(3,530)
-
Dividend (2)
-
(115,206)
-
(115,206)
Compensation cost related
to employee share-based
-
4,465
-
4,465
Transferred from Special
Economic Zone re-
-
1,812
-
(1,812)
-
Other transactions for
-
3,530
-
(113,394)
-
(1,812)
-
(110,741)
Balance as at March 31, 2026
^
5,770
1,139
579,193
2,473
7,920
25,966
(7,119)
1,882
(2,011)
615,820
(1) Refer to Note 20
(2) Refer to Note 29

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Share
Reserves and Surplus
Total
Securities
Capital
Capital
Retained
Common
control
transactions
Share
Special
Economic
Zone re-
Cash flow
Foreign
Remeasurements
Investment
through OCI
Investment
through OCI
Balance as at April 1, 2024
^
2,903
1,139
1,674
509,281
2,473
6,384
42,129
1,882
(147)
1,397
(2,145)
567,369
Adjustment on account of merger(3)
-
4,471
-
4,539
^
2,903
1,139
1,674
513,752
2,473
6,384
42,129
1,882
(79)
1,397
(2,145)
571,908

-
109,131
-
109,131

-
(640)
-
(4)
Total comprehensive income for
-
109,131
-
(640)
-
(4)
109,688
Issue of equity shares on exercise of
-
4,950
-
(4,950)
-
Dividend (2)
-
(62,750)
-
(62,750)
Compensation cost related to
employee share based payment
-
5,551
-
5,551
Bonus issue of equity shares(2)
-
(5,613)
-
(1,661)
(3,193)
-
(10,467)
Transferred from Special Economic
Zone re investment reserve
-
14,351
-
(14,351)
-
(663)
-
(1,661)
(51,592)
-
(14,351)
-
(67,666)
Balance as at March 31, 2025
^
2,240
1,139
571,291
2,473
6,985
27,778
(241)
1,882
2,360
(2,149)
613,930
(1) Refer to Note 20
(2) Refer to Note 29
(3) Refer to Note 38
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.: 117366W/W - 100018
Rishad A. Premji
Chairman
(DIN: 02983899)
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Director
(DIN: 00009627)
Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Anand Subramanian
Partner
Membership No.: 110815
Aparna C. Iyer
Chief Financial Officer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Company Secretary
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

Notes
March 31, 2026
March 31, 2025
Cash flows from operating activities
121,296
109,131
Adjustments to reconcile profit for the year to
net cash generated from operating activities

Gain on sale of property, plant and
equipment, net
(415)
(712)

Depreciation, amortisation and impairment
14,182
15,013

Unrealised exchange (gain)/loss and
net exchange (gain)/loss on loans to
(1,496)
(788)

Share-based compensation expense
3,874
4,847

Income tax expense
37,756
36,994

Lifetime expected credit loss
2,729

Finance and other income, net of finance
costs
(32,945)
(28,187)

Diminution in the value of investments in
(1,554)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities

(Increase)/Decrease in trade receivables
(17,933)
3,627

(Increase)/Decrease in unbilled receivables
and contract assets
(13,532)
(2,920)

(Increase)/Decrease in inventories

(Increase)/Decrease in other financial
assets and other assets
(2,735)
5,740

Increase/(Decrease) in trade payables,
other financial liabilities, other liabilities
1,992
9,341

Increase/(Decrease) in contract liabilities
3,667
Cash generated from operating activities
before taxes
115,040
154,226

Income taxes paid, net
(19,332)
(20,860)
Net cash generated from operating activities
95,708
133,366
Cash flows from investing activities

Payment for purchase of property, plant and
(12,350)
(10,956)

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant
and equipment
1,789

Payment for purchase of investments
(778,407)
(797,809)

Proceeds from sale of investments
796,704
704,597

Investment in subsidiaries
(33,548)
(51)

Repayment of security deposit for property,
-
(300)

Interest received
26,680
23,818

Dividend received
11,065
5,163
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing
10,792
(73,749)
Statements of Cash Flows

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Notes
March 31, 2026
March 31, 2025
Cash flows from financing activities

Proceeds from issuance of equity shares and shares pending allotment

Repayment of borrowings
(218,000)
(176,000)

Proceeds from borrowings
219,000
194,750

Payment of lease liabilities including interest
(5,754)
(5,254)

Payment of dividend
(115,206)
(62,750)

Interest and finance costs paid
(4,343)
(4,810)
Net cash used in financing activities
(124,270)
(54,037)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents during the year
(17,770)
5,580

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
(293)

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
44,342
39,055
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
26,778
44,342
Refer to Note 15 for supplementary information on statement of cash flows.
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.: 117366W/W - 100018
Rishad A. Premji
Chairman
(DIN: 02983899)
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Director
(DIN: 00009627)
Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Anand Subramanian
Partner
Membership No.: 110815
Aparna C. Iyer
Chief Financial Officer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Company Secretary
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

1. THE COMPANY OVERVIEW

Wipro Limited ( Wipro or the Company or we or our or us ), is a leading artificial
intelligence ( AI ) powered technology services and consulting company focused on
building innovative solutions that address clients most complex digital transformation
needs. Leveraging our consulting-led approach and the Wipro Intelligence unified suite
of AI-powered platforms, solutions and transformative offerings, we help clients realise
their boldest ambitions to build intelligent and sustainable businesses.

Wipro is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in India. The address of
its registered office is Wipro Limited, Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru - 560
035, Karnataka, India. The Company has its primary listing with BSE Ltd. and National
Stock Exchange of India Limited. The Company s American Depository Shares ( ADS )
representing equity shares are also listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

The Company s Board of Directors authorised these standalone financial statements for
issue on June 2, 2026.
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF STANDALONE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(i) Statement of compliance and basis of preparation

The standalone financial statements have been prepared in compliance with Indian
Accounting Standards ( Ind AS ), the provisions of Schedule III to the Companies Act,
2013 ("the Companies Act"), as applicable and guidelines issued by the Securities and
Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ). The Ind AS are prescribed under Section 133 of the
Companies Act read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,
2015 and amendments issued thereafter. All accounting policies have been applied
consistently to all periods presented in these standalone financial statements, except for
the adoption of new accounting standards, amendments and interpretations effective
from April 1, 2025.

The standalone financial statements correspond to the classification provisions
contained in Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements . For clarity, various items
are aggregated in the statement of profit and loss and balance sheet. These items
are disaggregated separately in the notes to the standalone financial statements,
where applicable.

The assets which are expected to be realised within a period of twelve months from the
end of reporting period are classified as current assets. Similarly, the liabilities which
are expected to be settled within a period of twelve months from the end of reporting
period are classified as current liabilities. All other assets and liabilities are classified as
non-current.

All amounts included in the standalone financial statements are reported in millions of
Indian Rupees (I in millions) except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated.
Due to rounding off, the numbers presented throughout the document may not add up
precisely to the totals and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.
Previous year figures have been regrouped/rearranged, wherever necessary.
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
(ii) Basis of measurement

The standalone financial statements have been
accrual basis, except for the following material items,
which have been measured at fair value as required
by relevant Ind AS

Derivative financial instruments;

Financial instruments classified as fair value
through other comprehensive income or fair
value through profit or loss;

The defined benefit liability/(asset) is recognised
as the present value of defined benefit obligation
less fair value of plan assets; and

Contingent consideration.
(iii) Use of estimates and judgement

The preparation of these standalone financial
statements in conformity with Ind AS requires the
management to make judgements, accounting
estimates and assumptions that affect the application
of accounting policies and the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Accounting
estimates are monetary amounts in the standalone
financial statements that are subject to measurement
uncertainty. An accounting policy may require items
in standalone financial statements to be measured at
monetary amounts that cannot be observed directly
and must instead be estimated. In such a case,
management develops an accounting estimate to
achieve the objective set out by the accounting policy.
Developing accounting estimates involves the use
of judgements or assumptions based on the latest
available and reliable information. Actual results may
differ from those accounting estimates.

Accounting estimates and underlying assumptions
are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Changes to
accounting estimates are recognised in the period in
which the estimates are changed and in any future
periods affected. In particular, information about
material areas of estimation, uncertainty and critical
judgements in applying accounting policies that have
the material effect on the amounts recognised in the
standalone financial statements are included in the
following notes:

Revenue recognition: The Company applies
judgement to determine whether each product
or service promised to a customer is capable
of being distinct, and is distinct in the context
of the contract, if not, the promised product or
service is combined and accounted as a single
the Transaction Price (as defined below in Note
3(xiii)) to separately identifiable performance
obligation deliverables based on their relative
stand-alone selling price. In cases where the
Company is unable to determine the stand-
alone selling price the Company uses expected
cost-plus margin approach in estimating the
stand-alone selling price. The Company uses
the percentage of completion method using
the input (cost expended) method to measure
progress towards completion in respect of
fixed price contracts. Percentage of completion
method accounting relies on estimates of
total expected contract revenue and costs.
This method is followed when reasonably
dependable estimates of the revenues and costs
applicable to various elements of the contract
can be made. Key factors that are reviewed in
estimating the future costs to complete include
estimates of future labor costs and productivity
efficiencies. Because the financial reporting
of these contracts depends on estimates that
are assessed continually during the term of
these contracts, revenue recognised, profit and
contract progresses to completion. When
estimates indicate that a loss will be incurred,
the loss is provided for in the period in which
the loss becomes probable. Volume discounts
are recorded as a reduction of revenue. When
the amount of discount varies with the levels of
revenue, volume discount is recorded based on
estimate of future revenue from the customer.

Impairment testing: Goodwill recognised on
business combination is tested for impairment
at least annually and when events occur or
changes in circumstances indicate that the
recoverable amount of goodwill or a cash
generating unit to which goodwill pertains, is less
than the carrying value. The Company assesses
acquired intangible assets with finite useful

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
life for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
may not be recoverable. The recoverable amount
of an asset or a cash generating unit is higher of
value in use and fair value less cost of disposal.
The calculation of value in use of an asset or a cash
generating unit involves use of significant estimates
and assumptions which include turnover, growth
rates and net margins used to calculate projected
future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rate, future
economic and market conditions.

Impairment of investment in subsidiaries: The
Company reviews its carrying value of investments
carried at cost (net of impairment, if any) annually
or more frequently when there is indication for
impairment. If the recoverable amount is less than
its carrying amount, the impairment loss is accounted
for in the statement of profit and loss.

Income taxes: The major tax jurisdictions for the

Significant judgements are involved in determining
the provision for income taxes including judgement
on whether tax positions are probable of being
sustained in tax assessments. A tax assessment can
involve complex issues, which can only be resolved
over extended time periods.

Deferred tax is recorded on temporary differences
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and
their carrying amounts, at the rates that have been
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting
date. The ultimate realisation of deferred tax assets
is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
profits during the periods in which those temporary
realisable, however, could reduce in the near term if
estimates of future taxable income during the carry-
forward period are reduced.

Business combinations: In accounting for business
combinations, judgement is required to assess
whether an identifiable intangible asset is to be
recorded separately from goodwill. Additionally,
estimating the acquisition date fair value of the
identifiable assets acquired (including useful life
estimates), liabilities assumed, and contingent
consideration assumed involves management
judgement. These measurements are based on
information available at the acquisition date and are
based on expectations and assumptions that have
been deemed reasonable by management. Changes
in these judgements, estimates, and assumptions
can materially affect the results of operations.

Defined benefit plans and compensated absences:
The cost of the defined benefit plans, compensated
absences and the present value of the defined
benefit obligations are based on actuarial valuation
using the projected unit credit method. An actuarial
valuation involves making various assumptions that
may differ from actual developments in the future.
These include the determination of the discount
rate, future salary increases and mortality rates. Due
to the complexities involved in the valuation and
its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is
highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.

Expected credit losses on financial assets: The
impairment provisions of financial assets are based
on assumptions about risk of default and expected
timing of collection. The Company uses judgement
in making these assumptions and selecting the
inputs to the expected credit loss calculation based
on the Company s history of collections, customer s
creditworthiness, existing market conditions as well
as forward-looking estimates at the end of each

Useful lives of property, plant and equipment: The
Company depreciates property, plant and equipment
on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives
of the assets. The charge in respect of periodic
depreciation is derived based on an estimate of
an asset s expected useful life and the expected
residual value at the end of its life. The lives are based
on historical experience with similar assets as well as
anticipation of future events, which may impact their
life, such as changes in technology. The estimated
useful life is reviewed at least annually.

Provisions and contingent liabilities: The Company
estimates the provisions that have present obligations
as a result of past events, and IT is probable that

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
outflow of resources will be required to settle the
obligations. These provisions are reviewed at the
end of each reporting date and are adjusted to
reflect the current best estimates.

The Company uses significant judgement to
disclose contingent liabilities. Contingent liabilities
are disclosed when there is a possible obligation
arising from past events, the existence of which
will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future events
not wholly within the control of the Company or
a present obligation that arises from past events
where IT is either not probable that an outflow of
resources will be required to settle the obligation
or a reliable estimate of the amount cannot be
made. Contingent assets are neither recognised
nor disclosed in the financial statements.
3. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
INFORMATION
(i) Functional and presentation currency

These standalone financial statements are presented
in Indian Rupees, which is the functional currency of
(ii) Foreign currency transactions
and translation

Transactions in foreign currency are translated into
the functional currency using the exchange rates
prevailing at the date of the transaction. Foreign
exchange gains and losses resulting from the
settlement of such transactions and from translation
at the exchange rates prevailing at the reporting date
of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies are recognised in the statement of
profit and loss and reported within foreign exchange
gains/(losses), net, within results of operating activities
except when deferred in other comprehensive income
as qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net
investment hedges. Net loss relating to translation
or settlement of borrowings denominated in foreign
currency are reported within finance costs. Net gain
relating to translation or settlement of borrowings
denominated in foreign currency are reported within
at fair value through other comprehensive income are
included in other comprehensive income, net of taxes.
(iii) Financial instruments
Non-derivative financial instruments:

Non derivative financial instruments consist of:
financial assets, which include cash and
cash equivalents, trade receivables, unbilled
receivables, finance lease receivables, employee
and other advances, investments in equity and
debt securities and eligible current and non-current
assets; and
financial liabilities, which include borrowings, trade
payables, lease liabilities, and eligible current and
non-current liabilities.

Non- derivative financial instruments other than trade
receivables and unbilled receivables are recognised
initially at fair value. However, trade receivables
significant financing component are measured at the
Transaction Price. Subsequent to initial recognition,
non-derivative financial instruments are measured as
described below:

The Company s cash and cash equivalents
consist of cash on hand and in banks and demand
deposits with banks, which can be withdrawn
at any time, without prior notice or penalty on
the principal.

For the purposes of the statement of cash
flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash
on hand, in banks and demand deposits with
banks, net of outstanding bank overdrafts that
are repayable on demand and are considered
part of the Company s cash management
system. In the balance sheet, bank overdrafts
are presented under borrowings within current
financial liabilities.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

Investments

Financial instruments measured at
amortised cost:

Debt instruments that meet the following criteria
are measured at amortised cost (except for debt
instruments that are designated at fair value through
profit or loss on initial recognition):
the asset is held within a business model whose
objective is to hold assets in order to collect
contractual cash flows; and

Financial instruments measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income ( FVTOCI ):

Debt instruments that meet the following criteria are
measured at FVTOCI (except for debt instruments
that are designated at fair value through profit or loss
on initial recognition):
whose objective is achieved both by collecting
contractual cash flows and selling the financial
asset; and

Interest income is recognised in statement of
profit and loss for FVTOCI debt instruments. Other
changes in fair value of FVTOCI financial assets
are recognised in other comprehensive income.
When the investment is disposed of, the cumulative
gain or loss previously accumulated in reserves is
transferred to statement of profit and loss.

Financial instruments measured at fair value
through profit or loss ( FVTPL ):

Instruments that do not meet the amortised cost or
FVTOCI criteria are measured at FVTPL. Financial
assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the
end of each reporting period, with any gains or
losses arising on re-measurement recognised in
the statement of profit and loss. The gain or loss
on disposal is recognised in the statement of profit

Interest income is recognised in the statement of
profit and loss for FVTPL debt instruments. Dividends
on financial assets at FVTPL is recognised when the
Company s right to receive dividends is established.

Investments in equity instruments:

The Company carries certain equity instruments
which are not held for trading. At initial recognition,
the Company may make an irrevocable election
to present subsequent changes in the fair value
of an investment in an equity instrument in other
comprehensive income (FVTOCI) or through
statement of profit and loss (FVTPL). For investments
designated to be classified as FVTOCI, movements
in fair value of investments are recognised in other
comprehensive income and the gain or loss is
not transferred to statement of profit and loss on
disposal of investments. For investments designated
to be classified as FVTPL, both movements in fair
value of investments and gain or loss on disposal
of investments are recognised in the statement of

Dividends from these investments are recognised in
the statement of profit and loss when the Company s
right to receive dividends is established.

derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss in

Investments in subsidiaries:

Investment in equity instruments of subsidiaries are
measured at cost less impairment.

Investment in redeemable preference shares
of subsidiaries are measured at FVTPL. These
investments are measured at fair value at the end
of each reporting period, with any gains or losses
arising on re-measurement recognised in statement
of profit and loss. The gain or loss on disposal is
recognised in statement of profit and loss.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

Other financial assets are non-derivative financial
assets with fixed or determinable payments
that are not quoted in an active market. These
comprise trade receivables, unbilled receivables,
advances and eligible current and non-current
assets. They are presented as current assets,
except for those expected to be realised later
than twelve months after the reporting date
which are presented as non-current assets. All
financial assets are initially recognised at fair
value and subsequently measured at amortised
cost using the effective interest method, less any

Trade payables and other liabilities are initially
recognised at the transaction price, and
subsequently carried at amortised cost using
the effective interest method. For these financial
instruments, the carrying amounts approximate
fair value due to the short-term maturity of
these instruments. Contingent consideration
recognised in a business combination is initially
recognised at fair value and subsequently
measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Derivative financial instruments

fluctuations on foreign currency assets, liabilities, net
investment in foreign operations and forecasted cash
flows denominated in foreign currency.

The Company limits the effect of foreign exchange rate
fluctuations by following established risk management
policies including the use of derivatives. The Company
enters into derivative financial instruments where the
counterparty is primarily a bank.

Derivative financial instruments are recognised and
measured at fair value. Attributable transaction costs
are recognised in the statement of profit and loss as cost.

Subsequent to initial recognition, derivative financial

Changes in the fair value of the derivative
hedging instruments designated as a cash flow
hedge are recognised in other comprehensive
income and held in cash flow hedging reserve,
net of taxes, a component of equity, to the extent
that the hedge is effective. To the extent that the
hedge is ineffective, changes in fair value are
recognised in the statement of profit and loss and
net, within results from operating activities. If the
hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria
for hedge accounting, then hedge accounting
is discontinued prospectively. If the hedging
instrument expires or is sold, terminated or
exercised, the cumulative gain or loss on the
hedging instrument recognised in cash flow
hedging reserve till the period the hedge was
effective remains in cash flow hedging reserve
until the forecasted transaction occurs. The
cumulative gain or loss previously recognised
in the cash flow hedging reserve is transferred
to the statement of profit and loss upon the
occurrence of the related forecasted transaction.
If the forecasted transaction is no longer
expected to occur, such cumulative balance is
immediately recognised in the statement of profit

Others

Changes in fair value of foreign currency
derivative instruments not designated as cash
flow hedges are recognised in the statement
of profit and loss and reported within foreign
exchange gains/(losses), net, within results from
operating activities.

Changes in fair value and gains/(losses), net,
on settlement of foreign currency derivative
instruments relating to borrowings, which have
not been designated as hedges are recorded in
finance costs.

The Company derecognises a financial asset when
the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
financial asset expire or IT transfers the financial asset
and the transfer qualifies for derecognition under Ind

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
AS 109. If the Company retains substantially all the risks
and rewards of a transferred financial asset, the Company
continues to recognise the financial asset and recognises
a borrowing for the proceeds received. A financial liability
(or a part of a financial liability) is derecognised from the
Company s balance sheet when the obligation specified
in the contract is discharged or cancelled or expires.
(iv) Equity and share capital
Share capital and securities premium

The authorised share capital of the Company as at March
31, 2026 is I 25,352 divided into 12,543,500,000 equity
shares of I 2 each, 25,000,000 preference shares of
I 10 each and 150,000, 10% optionally convertible
cumulative preference shares of I 100 each. Par value
of the equity shares is recorded as share capital and the
amount received in excess of par value is classified as
securities premium.

Every holder of equity shares, as reflected in the records
of the Company as at the date of the shareholder meeting
shall have one vote in respect of each share held for all
matters submitted to vote in the shareholder meeting.

The Company s equity shares held by the controlled trust,
which is consolidated as part of the Company are classified
as treasury shares. The Company has 11,905,480 and
11,905,480 treasury shares as at March 31, 2026 and
2025, respectively. Treasury shares are recorded at
acquisition cost.
Capital Reserve

Capital reserve amounting to I 1,139 and I 1,139 as of
March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, is not freely
Capital Redemption Reserve

As per the Companies Act, 2013, Capital redemption
reserve is created when a company purchases its own
shares out of free reserves or securities premium. A sum
equal to the nominal value of the shares so purchased is
transferred to capital redemption reserve. The reserve can
be utilised in accordance with the provisions of Section 69
of the Companies Act, 2013. Capital redemption reserve
amounting to I 13 and I 13 as of March 31, 2026 and 2025,
respectively, is not freely available for distribution.
Retained earnings

undistributed earnings after taxes and is freely available
Common Control Transactions Capital Reserve

The Common Control Transactions Capital Reserve is on
account of merger of certain wholly owned subsidiaries
with the Company during the year ended March 31, 2019.
As of March 31, 2026 and 2025, this reserve amounting
to I 2,473 and I 2,473, respectively, is not freely available
Share options outstanding account

The Share options outstanding account is used to
record the value of equity-settled share-based payment
transactions with employees. The amounts recorded in
share options outstanding account are transferred to
securities premium upon exercise of stock options and
restricted stock unit options by employees.
Special Economic Zone re-investment reserve

The Special Economic Zone ( SEZ ) re-investment
reserve has been created out of profit of eligible Special
Economic Zone units as per provisions of section 10AA
(1)(ii) of the Income-tax Act, 1961 for acquiring new plant
and machinery. The said reserve should be utilised by the
Company for acquiring plant and machinery as per the
terms of Section 10AA(2) of the Income-tax Act, 1961. This
reserve is not freely available for distribution.
Others

(debt or equity) measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income is recognised in other
within investment in debt instruments measured at fair
value through OCI or investment in equity instruments
measured at fair value through OCI.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

Actuarial gains and losses on remeasurements of
the defined benefit plans are recognised in other
within equity in remeasurement of the defined
benefit plans.

Changes in fair value of derivative hedging instruments
designated and effective as a cash flow hedge are
recognised in other comprehensive income, net
of taxes, and presented within equity as cash flow
hedging reserve.

of financial statements of foreign operations with
functional currency other than Indian Rupees is
recognised in other comprehensive income, net of
taxes and is presented within equity in the FCTR.
Dividend

A final dividend on equity shares is recorded as a
liability on the date of approval by the shareholders. An
interim dividend is recorded as a liability on the date of
declaration by the Company s Board of Directors.
m) Buyback of equity shares

The buyback of equity shares, including tax thereon
and related transaction costs are recorded as a
reduction of securities premium and retained earnings.
Further, capital redemption reserve is created as an
apportionment from retained earnings.
n)
Bonus issue

For the purpose of bonus issue, the amount is
transferred from capital redemption reserve, securities
premium and retained earnings to the share capital.
(v) Property, plant and equipment
Recognition, measurement and derecognition

Property, plant and equipment are measured at cost
less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
if any. Cost includes expenditures directly attributable
to the acquisition of the asset. General and specific
borrowing costs directly attributable to the construction
of a qualifying asset are capitalised as part of the cost
till all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying
asset for its intended use or sale are substantially
completed. The cost and related accumulated
depreciation are derecognised upon sale or disposition
of the asset and the resultant gains or losses are
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

Capital work-in-progress are measured at cost less
accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Depreciation

equipment over the estimated useful life on a straight-
line basis from the date the assets are available for
use. Leasehold improvements are amortised over
the shorter of estimated useful life of the asset or
the related lease term. Term licenses are amortised
over their respective contract term. Freehold land is
not depreciated. The estimated useful life of assets
is reviewed and where appropriate are adjusted,
annually. The estimated useful lives of assets are
Category
Useful life
Buildings
Computer equipment and software
Furniture, fixtures and equipment
Vehicles

The Company believes that the technically evaluated
useful lives, different from Schedule II of the
Companies Act, 2013, best represents the period over
which these assets are expected to be used.

and equipment. Subsequent expenditure relating
to property, plant and equipment is capitalised only
when IT is probable that future economic benefits
associated with these will flow to the Company and
the cost of the item can be measured reliably.

Deposits and advances paid towards the acquisition
of property, plant and equipment outstanding as at

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
each reporting date is classified as capital advances under
other non-current assets and the cost of property, plant
and equipment not available for use before such date are
disclosed under capital work-in-progress.
(vi) Business combinations, Goodwill and
Intangible assets
Business combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using the
purchase (acquisition) method. The cost of an acquisition
is measured as the fair value of the assets transferred,
liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments
issued at the date of exchange by the Company.
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent
liabilities assumed in a business combination are
measured initially at fair value at the date of acquisition.
Transaction costs incurred in connection with a business
acquisition are expensed as incurred.

The cost of an acquisition also includes the fair value of
any contingent consideration measured as at the date
of acquisition. Any subsequent changes to the fair value
of contingent consideration classified as liabilities, other
than measurement period adjustments, are recognised in
the statement of profit and loss.

Common Control business combinations

The Company accounts for business combinations
involving entities or businesses in which all the combining
entities or businesses are ultimately controlled by the
same party or parties both before and after the business
combination and where that control is not transitory are
accounted for as per the pooling of interest method. The
business combination is accounted for as if IT had occurred
at the beginning of the earliest comparative period
presented or, if later, at the date that common control was
established; for this purpose, comparative periods are
restated. Assets and liabilities acquired are recognised
at their carrying amounts. The identity of the reserves is
preserved, and they appear in the consolidated financial
statements of the Group in the same form in which they
appeared in the financial statements of the acquired
entity. The difference, if any, between the consideration
and the amount of share capital of the acquired entity is
transferred to capital reserve.
Goodwill

The excess of the cost of an acquisition over the Company s
share in the fair value of the acquiree s identifiable assets
and liabilities is recognised as goodwill. If the excess is
negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognised in equity
as capital reserve. Goodwill is measured at cost less
accumulated impairment (if any).

Goodwill associated with disposal of an operation that
is part of a cash-generating unit is measured based on
the relative values of the operation disposed of and the
portion of the cash-generating unit retained, unless some
other method better reflects the goodwill associated with
the operation disposed of.
Intangible assets

business combination are measured at fair value as at the
date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible
assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation
and impairment losses, if any.

The amortisation of an intangible asset with a finite useful
life reflects the manner in which the economic benefit is
expected to be generated.

The estimated useful life of amortisable intangibles is
reviewed and where appropriate is adjusted, annually.
The estimated useful lives of the amortisable intangible
assets are as follows:
Category
Useful life
5 to 10 years
7 years

Customer-related intangibles includes customer contracts
and customer relationships acquired as a part of Business
combinations. Marketing-related intangibles includes
non-compete acquired as a part of Business combinations.
(vii) Leases

The Company evaluates each contract or arrangement,
whether IT qualifies as lease as defined under Ind AS 116.

The Company enters into an arrangement for lease of
land, buildings, plant and equipment including computer

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
equipment and vehicles. Such arrangements are
generally for a fixed period but may have extension or
termination options. The Company assesses whether
a contract is, or contains, a lease at its inception. A
contract is considered to contain a lease if IT conveys
the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
period of time in exchange for consideration.

control use of an identified asset,

obtain substantially all the economic benefits

direct the use of the identified asset

thereby assesses whether IT is reasonably certain that
any options to extend or terminate the contract will
be exercised.

recognises a right of use ( RoU ) asset at cost and
term of twelve months or less ( Short-term leases )
and low-value assets. For these Short-term leases and
low-value assets, the Company recognises the lease
payments as an operating expense on a straight-line
basis over the lease term.

lease, plus any initial direct costs, plus an estimate of
which IT is located less any lease incentives received.
impairment losses, if any. The RoU assets are
depreciated using the straight-line method from the
commencement date over the shorter of lease term
or useful life of RoU assets. The estimated useful lives
of RoU assets are determined on the same basis as
those of property, plant and equipment.

The Company applies Ind AS 36 to determine whether
a RoU asset is impaired and accounts for any identified
impairment loss as described in the impairment of
non-financial assets below.

liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest
and reduced for the lease payments made.

increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on
the lease liability, reducing the carrying amount to
reflect the lease payments made and remeasuring
the carrying amount to reflect any lease modifications.
The Company recognises the amount of the
re-measurement of lease liability due to modification
as an adjustment to the RoU asset or in statement
of profit and loss, depending upon the nature of
modification. Where the carrying amount of the
RoU asset is reduced to zero and there is a further
reduction in the measurement of the lease liability,
the Company recognises any remaining amount of the
re-measurement in the statement of profit and loss.

Payment of lease liabilities including interest are
statement of cash flows.

Leases under which the Company is a lessor are
classified as a finance or operating lease. Lease
contracts where all the risks and rewards are
substantially transferred to the lessee are classified
as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as
operating lease.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

lease by reference to the RoU asset arising from the
head-lease.
(viii) Inventories

Inventories are valued at lower of cost and net realisable
(ix) Impairment
A). Financial assets

The Company applies the expected credit loss model for
recognising impairment loss on financial assets measured
at amortised cost, debt instruments classified as FVTOCI,
trade receivables, unbilled receivables, finance lease
receivables and other financial assets. Expected credit
loss is the difference between the contractual cash flows
and the cash flows that the entity expects to receive
discounted using the effective interest rate.

Loss allowances for trade receivables, unbilled receivables
and finance lease receivables are measured at an amount
equal to lifetime expected credit loss. Lifetime expected
credit losses are the expected credit losses that result
from all possible default events over the expected life
of a financial instrument. Lifetime expected credit loss is
computed based on a provision matrix which takes into
account, risk profiling of customers and historical credit
loss experience adjusted for forward-looking information.
For other financial assets, expected credit loss is measured
at the amount equal to twelve months expected credit loss
unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk
from initial recognition, in which case those are measured
at lifetime expected credit loss.
B)
Impairment of Investment in subsidiaries

The Company assesses investments in subsidiaries for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the investment
may not be recoverable. If any such indication exists,
the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the
investment in subsidiary. The recoverable amount of
such investment is the higher of its fair value less cost of
disposal ( FVLCD ) and its value-in-use ( VIU ). The VIU
of the investment is calculated using projected future cash
flows. If the recoverable amount of the investment is less
than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is reduced
to its recoverable amount. The reduction is treated as an
impairment loss and is recognised in the statement of
C)

The Company assesses long-lived assets such as property,
plant and equipment, RoU assets and intangible assets for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of
assets may not be recoverable. If any such indication
exists, the Company estimates the recoverable amount
of the asset or group of assets.

circumstances indicate that the recoverable amount of the
cash generating unit is less than its carrying value. The
goodwill impairment test is performed at the level of cash-
generating unit or groups of cash-generating units which
represents the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored
for internal management purposes.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash generating
unit is the higher of its FVLCD and its VIU. The VIU of
long-lived assets is calculated using projected future
cash flows. FVLCD of a cash generating unit is computed
using turnover and earnings multiples. If the recoverable
amount of the asset or the recoverable amount of the
cash generating unit to which the asset belongs is less
than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is reduced
to its recoverable amount. The reduction is treated as an
impairment loss and is recognised in the statement of

previously assessed impairment loss on property, plant
and equipment, RoU assets and intangible assets, no
longer exists, the recoverable amount is reassessed and
the impairment losses previously recognised are reversed
such that the asset is recognised at its recoverable amount
but not exceeding written down value which would have
recognised initially. An impairment loss in respect of

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
(x) Employee benefits
Post-employment plans

The Company participates in various employee
benefit plans. Pensions and other post-employment
benefits are classified as either defined contribution
plans or defined benefit plans. Under a defined
contribution plan, the Company s sole obligation is to
pay a fixed amount with no obligation to pay further
contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets
to pay all employee benefits. The related actuarial
and investment risks are borne by the employee.
The expenditure for defined contribution plans is
recognised as an expense during the period when the
employee provides service. Under a defined benefit
plan, IT is the Company s obligation to provide agreed
benefits to the employees. The related actuarial and
present value of the defined benefit obligations is
calculated by an independent actuary using the
projected unit credit method.

comprising actuarial gains or losses, the effect of
changes to the asset ceiling, and the return on plan
assets (excluding interest) are immediately recognised
in other comprehensive income, net of taxes and not
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent period.

Net interest recognised in profit or loss is calculated
by applying the discount rate used to measure the
defined benefit obligation to the net defined benefit
liability or asset. The actual return on the plan assets
above or below the discount rate is recognised as
part of remeasurements of the defined benefit plans
through other comprehensive income, net of taxes.

Past service cost, both vested and unvested, is
recognised as an expense at the earlier of (a) when the
plan amendment or curtailment occurs; and (b) when
the entity recognises related restructuring costs or
termination benefits.

Provident fund

Eligible employees receive benefits under the
Company s provident fund plan, into which both
the employer and employees make periodic
contributions to the approved provident fund
trust managed by the Company. A portion
of the employer s contribution is made to
the government administered pension fund.
The contributions to the provident fund trust
managed by the Company is accounted for as
a defined benefit plan as the Company is liable
for any shortfall in the fund assets based on the
government specified minimum rates of return.

Certain employees receive benefits under the
provident fund plan in which both the employer
and employees make periodic contributions to
the government administered provident fund. A
portion of the employer s contribution is made
to the government administered pension fund.
This is accounted as a defined contribution plan
as the obligation of the Company is limited to the
contributions made to the fund.

In accordance with the Code on Social Security,
2020, applicable for Indian companies, the
Company provides for a lump sum payment to
eligible employees, at retirement or termination
of employment based on the last drawn salary
and years of employment with the Company.
The gratuity fund is managed by the third-party

The Company also maintains pension and similar
plans for employees outside India, based on
country specific regulations. These plans are
partially funded, and the funds are managed by
third party fund managers. The plans provide for
monthly payout after retirement as per salary
drawn and service period or for a lump sum
payment as set out in rules of each fund.

Superannuation

Superannuation plan, a defined contribution
scheme is administered by third party fund
managers. The Company makes annual
contributions based on a specified percentage
of each eligible employee s salary.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

Termination benefits

Short-term benefits

cash bonus, management incentive plans or profit
service is provided. A liability is recognised for
the amount expected to be paid under short-term

Compensated absences

forward a portion of the unutilised accumulating
compensated absences and utilise IT in future
recognises accumulated compensated absences
based on actuarial valuation using the projected
unit credit method. Non-accumulating compensated
absences are recognised in the period in which the
absences occur.
(xi) Share-based payment transactions

Selected employees of the Company receive remuneration
in the form of equity settled instruments or cash settled
instruments, for rendering services over a defined vesting
period and for Company s performance-based stock
options over the defined period. Equity instruments
granted are measured by reference to the fair value of
the instrument at the date of grant. In cases, where equity
instruments are granted at a nominal exercise price, the
intrinsic value on the date of grant approximates the fair
value. The expense is recognised in the statement of
profit and loss with a corresponding increase to the share
options outstanding account, a component of equity.

generally vest in a graded manner over the vesting period.
The fair value determined at the grant date is expensed
over the vesting period of the respective tranches of such
grants (accelerated amortisation). The stock compensation
expense is determined based on the Company s estimate
of equity instruments or cash settled instruments that will
eventually vest.

Cash settled instruments granted are re-measured by
reference to the fair value at the end of each reporting
period and at the time of vesting. The expense is
recognised in the statement of profit and loss with a
corresponding increase to the financial liability.
(xii) Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has a
present obligation (legal or constructive), as a result of
a past event, IT is probable that an outflow of economic
benefits will be required to settle the obligation and
a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate
of the consideration required to settle the present
obligation at the end of the reporting period, considering
the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation.

When some or all of the economic benefits required to
settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a
third party, the receivable is recognised as an asset, if IT is
virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and
the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

Provisions for onerous contracts are recognised when the
expected benefits to be derived by the Company from a
contract are lower than the unavoidable costs of meeting
the future obligations under the contract. Provisions for
onerous contracts are measured at the present value of
lower of the expected net cost of fulfilling the contract and
the expected cost of terminating the contract.
(xiii) Revenue

The Company derives revenue primarily from software
development, maintenance of software/hardware and

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
related services, consulting services, business
process services and sale of IT products.

has been approved by the parties to the contract, the
parties to contract are committed to perform their
contract is legally enforceable. Revenue is recognised
the performance obligation is measured at the amount
that performance obligation. To recognise revenues,
the Company applies the following five step approach:
(1) identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify the
performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine
the Transaction Price, (4) allocate the Transaction
Price to the performance obligations in the contract,
and (5) recognise revenues when a performance
obligation is satisfied. When there is uncertainty as to
collectability, revenue recognition is postponed until
such uncertainty is resolved.

At contract inception, the Company assesses its
promise to transfer products or services to a customer
to identify separate performance obligations. The
Company applies judgement to determine whether
each product or service promised to a customer
is capable of being distinct, and are distinct in the
context of the contract, if not, the promised products
or services are combined and accounted as a single
the Transaction Price to separately identifiable
performance obligations based on their relative stand-
alone selling price or residual method. Stand-alone
selling prices are determined based on sale prices
for the components when they are regularly sold
separately, in cases where the Company is unable to
determine the stand-alone selling price, the Company
Company uses expected cost-plus margin approach
in estimating the stand-alone selling price.

For performance obligations where control is
transferred over time, revenues are recognised
by measuring progress towards completion of the
performance obligation. The selection of the method
to measure progress towards completion requires
judgement and is based on the nature of the promised
products or services to be provided.

The method for recognising revenues and costs
depends on the nature of contracts with customers
as given below:
Time and materials contracts

contracts are recognised as the related services
Fixed-price contracts

contracts, including software development, and
integration contracts, where the performance
obligations are satisfied over time, are recognised
using the percentage-of-completion method.
The performance obligations are satisfied as
and when the services are rendered since the
customer generally obtains control of the work
as IT progresses. Percentage of completion is
elements of the contract can be made. Key factors
that are reviewed in estimating the future costs
to complete include estimates of future labor
costs and productivity efficiencies. Because the
financial reporting of these contracts depends on
estimates that are assessed continually during
the term of these contracts, revenue recognised,
profit and timing of revenue for remaining
performance obligations are subject to revisions
as the contract progresses to completion. If the
progress of completion, revenue is recognised
only to the extent of costs incurred for which

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
estimates exceed revenues in an arrangement, the
estimated losses are recognised in the statement
of profit and loss in the period in which such losses
become probable based on the current contract
estimates as an onerous contract provision.

A contract asset is a right to consideration that is
conditional upon factors other than the passage
of time. Contract assets primarily relate to unbilled
amounts on fixed-price development contracts
and are classified as non-financial asset as the
contractual right to consideration is dependent on
completion of contractual milestones.

A contract liability is an entity s obligation to transfer
goods or services to a customer for which the entity
has received consideration (or the amount is due)
from the customer.

Maintenance contracts

Revenues related to fixed-price maintenance
contracts are recognised on a straight-line basis
when services are performed through an indefinite
number of repetitive acts over a specified period
or ratably using percentage of completion method
when the pattern of benefits from the services
rendered to the customers and the cost to fulfil the
contract is not even through the period of contract
because the services are generally discrete in nature
and not repetitive.

Revenue for contracts in which the invoicing is
representative of the value being delivered is
recognised based on our right to invoice. If our
invoicing is not consistent with value delivered,
revenues are recognised as the service is performed
using the percentage of completion method.

In certain projects, a fixed quantum of service or
output units is agreed at a fixed price for a fixed
term. In such contracts, revenue is recognised with
respect to the actual output achieved till date as a
percentage of total contractual output. Any residual
service unutilised by the customer is recognised as
revenue on completion of the term.

Revenues and costs are recognised as the related
services are rendered.
Products

Revenue on product sales are recognised when the
customer obtains control of the specified product.
Others
Any change in scope or price is considered as a contract
modification. The Company accounts for modifications
to existing contracts by assessing whether the services
added are distinct and whether the pricing is at the
stand-alone selling price. Services added that are
not distinct are accounted for on a cumulative catch
up basis, while those that are distinct are accounted
for prospectively, either as a separate contract if the
additional services are priced at the stand-alone selling
price, or as a termination of the existing contract and
creation of a new contract if not priced at the stand-
alone selling price.
The Company accounts for variable considerations
like, volume discounts, rebates and pricing incentives
to customers and penalties as reduction of revenue on
a systematic and rational basis over the period of the
contract. The Company estimates an amount of such
variable consideration using expected value method
or the single most likely amount in a range of possible
consideration depending on which method better
predicts the amount of consideration to which the
Company may be entitled and when IT is probable that
a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognised
will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the
variable consideration is resolved.
Revenues are shown net of allowances/returns, sales
tax, value added tax, goods and services tax and
applicable discounts.
The Company may enter into arrangements with third
party suppliers to resell products or services. In such
cases, the Company evaluates whether the Company
is the principal (i.e. report revenues on a gross basis)
or agent (i.e. report revenues on a net basis). In doing
so, the Company first evaluates whether the Company
controls the good or service before IT is transferred to
the customer. The Company considers whether IT has
the primary obligation to fulfil the contract, inventory
risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine
whether IT controls the goods or services and therefore,
is acting as a principal or an agent. If the Company
controls the good or service before IT is transferred to

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
the customer, the Company is the principal; if not,
the Company is the agent.
Estimates of the Transaction Price and total costs or
efforts are continuously monitored over the term of
the contract and are recognised in net profit in the
period when these estimates change or when the
estimates are revised. Revenues and the estimated
total costs or efforts are subject to revision as the
contract progresses.
The Company accrues the estimated cost of
warranties at the time when the revenue is
recognised. The accruals are based on the
Company s historical experience of material usage
and service delivery costs.
Incremental costs that relate directly to a contract
and incurred in securing a contract with a customer
are recognised as an asset when the Company
expects to recover these costs.
The Company recognises contract fulfilment cost
as an asset if those costs specifically relate to a
contract or to an anticipated contract, the costs
generate or enhance resources that will be used in
satisfying performance obligations in future; and
the costs are expected to be recovered.
payments to customers are amortised to revenue
and other costs to obtain contracts and costs to fulfil
contracts are amortised to cost over the respective
contract life on a systematic basis consistent with
the transfer of goods or services to customer to
which the asset relates.
The Company assesses the timing of the transfer
of goods or services to the customer as compared
to the timing of payments to determine whether
a significant financing component exists. As a
practical expedient, the Company does not assess
the existence of a significant financing component
when the difference between payment and transfer
of deliverables is twelve months or less. If the
difference in timing arises for reasons other than
the provision of finance to either the customer or
us, no financing component is deemed to exist.
Unbilled receivables are classified as a financial
asset where the right to consideration is
unconditional and only the passage of time is
required before the payment is due.
(xiv) Finance costs

Finance costs comprise interest on borrowings, interest
on lease liabilities, interest on tax matters, interest on
net defined benefit liability, net loss on translation or
in fair value of derivative instruments and gains/
(losses) of settlement of borrowing related derivative
instruments. Borrowing costs that are not directly
attributable to a qualifying asset are recognised in
the statement of profit and loss using the effective
interest method.
(xv) Finance and other income

Finance and other income comprises interest income
on deposits, dividend income, gains/(losses) on
disposal of investments, gains/(losses) on investments
classified as FVTPL, net gain on translation or
in fair value and gains/(losses) on settlement of related
derivative instruments and net gains/(losses) on sale
of property, plant and equipment. Interest income
is recognised using the effective interest method.
Dividend income is recognised when the right to
receive payment is established.
(xvi) Income tax

Income tax comprises current and deferred tax.
Income tax expense is recognised in the statement
of profit and loss except to the extent IT relates to
a business combination, or items directly recognised
in equity or in other comprehensive income.
Current income tax

are measured at the amount expected to be recovered
from or paid to the taxation authorities based on the
taxable income for the period. The tax rates and tax
laws used to compute the current tax amounts are
those that are enacted or substantively enacted as
at the reporting date and applicable for the period.
While determining the tax provisions, the Company
assesses whether each uncertain tax position is to be
considered separately or together with one or more
uncertain tax positions depending upon the nature
and circumstances of each uncertain tax position.
The Company offsets current tax assets and current

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
tax liabilities, where IT has a legally enforceable right to
set off the recognised amounts and where IT intends
either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and
liability simultaneously.
Deferred income tax

Deferred income tax is recognised using the balance
sheet approach. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are recognised for deductible and taxable temporary
differences arising between the tax base of assets and
liabilities and their carrying amount in these standalone
financial statements, except when the deferred income tax
arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or
liability in a transaction that is not a business combination
and affects neither accounting nor taxable profits or loss
at the time of the transaction.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the extent
IT is probable that taxable profit will be available against
which the deductible temporary differences and the carry
forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can
be utilised.

Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all
taxable temporary differences except in respect of taxable
temporary differences that is expected to reverse within
the tax holiday period, taxable temporary differences
associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates
and foreign branches where the timing of the reversal
of the temporary difference can be controlled and IT is
probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in
the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is
reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent
that IT is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit
will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income
tax asset to be utilised.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured
at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period
when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based
on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date.

The Company offsets deferred income tax assets and
liabilities, where IT has a legally enforceable right to offset
current tax assets against current tax liabilities, and they
relate to taxes levied by the same taxation authority on
either the same taxable entity, or on different taxable
entities where there is a right and an intention to settle
the current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their
tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.
(xvii) Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is computed using the weighted
average number of equity shares outstanding during
the period adjusted for treasury shares held. Diluted
earnings per share is computed using the weighted-
average number of equity and dilutive equivalent shares
outstanding during the period, using the treasury stock
method for options, except where the results would be
anti-dilutive.

equity shares are adjusted retrospectively for all periods
presented for any splits and bonus shares issues including
for change effected prior to the approval of the standalone
financial statements by the Company s Board of Directors.
(xviii) Statement of cash flows

with investing or financing cash flows. The cash generated
from/(used in) operating, investing and financing activities
of the Company are segregated.

New Accounting standards, amendments
and interpretations adopted by the Company
effective from April 1, 2025:

Amendments to Ind AS 21 - The effects of changes in
foreign exchange rates

The amendment clarifies how an entity should assess
whether a currency is exchangeable and how IT should
determine a spot exchange rate when exchangeability is
lacking, as well as require the disclosure of information
that enables users of financial statements to understand
the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. These
beginning on or after April 1, 2025. The adoption of these
amendments to Ind AS 21 did not have any material impact
on the standalone financial statements.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

Amendments to Ind AS 1 - Presentation of Financial
statements

On August 13, 2025, the MCA has issued Classification
of liabilities as current or non-current and non-current
liabilities with covenants (Amendments to Ind AS
1) The amendments aim to promote consistency in
applying the requirements by helping companies
to determine whether, in the statement of financial
position, debt and other liabilities with an uncertain
settlement date should be classified as current (due
or potentially due to be settled within one year) or
non-current. The amendments also clarified the
classification requirements for debt a company might
settle by converting IT into equity. These amendments
are effective for annual reporting periods beginning
on or after April 1, 2025, and are to be applied
retrospectively. The adoption of these amendments
to Ind AS 1 did not have any material impact on the
standalone financial statements.

Amendments to Ind AS 7 - Statement of cash flows
and ind AS 107 - Financial instruments

On August 13, 2025, MCA issued 'Supplier Finance
Arrangements (Amendments to Ind AS 7 and Ind AS
107) , that require companies to disclose information
about its supplier finance arrangements that enables
users of financial statements to assess the effects of
those arrangements on the companies liabilities and
cash flows and on the companies exposure to liquidity
risk. These amendments are effective for annual
reporting periods beginning on or after April 1, 2025
and are to be applied retrospectively. The adoption
of these amendments to Ind AS 7 and Ind AS 107
did not have any material impact on the standalone

Amendments to Ind AS 12 - Income taxes

On August 13, 2025, the MCA issued International Tax
Reform - Pillar Two Model Rules - Amendments to Ind
AS 12 Income Taxes to clarify the application of Ind
AS 12 to income taxes arising from tax law enacted or
substantively enacted to implement the Organisation
for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD),
including tax law that implements qualified domestic
minimum top-up taxes described in those rules.

The Company has applied the temporary exception
from the accounting requirements for deferred
taxes in Ind AS 12. Accordingly, the Company
neither recognised, nor disclosed information about
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two
income taxes.

New accounting standards, amendments and
interpretations not yet adopted by the company:

Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) notifies new
standards or amendments to the existing standards
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules
as issued from time to time. For the year ended March
31, 2026, MCA has not notified any new standards or
amendments to the existing standards applicable to

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
4. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Land
Buildings
Plant and
equipment (1)
Furniture
fixtures
Office
Vehicles
Total
As at April 1, 2025
I 4,205
I 48,535
I 74,919
I 17,321
I 6,456
I 22
I 151,458
Additions
-
6,338
1,524
9,132
Disposals
-
(447)
(11,616)
(1,111)
(522)
(1)
(13,697)
As at March 31, 2026
K 4,205
K 48,744
K 69,641
K 17,734
K 6,545
K 24
K 146,893
Accumulated depreciation/
As at April 1, 2025
I -
I 11,388
I 53,063
I 11,511
I 4,969
I 10
I 80,941
-
1,340
7,230
2,062
11,166
Disposals
-
(330)
(11,445)
(1,067)
(517)
(1)
(13,360)
As at March 31, 2026
I -
I 12,398
I 48,848
I 12,506
I 4,982
I 13
I 78,747
March 31, 2026
I 4,205
I 36,346
I 20,793
I 5,228
I 1,563
I 11
I 68,146
As at April 1, 2024
I 4,211
I 44,274
I 75,559
I 15,969
I 6,090
I 17
I 146,120
-
1,024
-
1,407
I 4,211
I 44,436
I 76,583
I 16,072
I 6,208
I 17
I 147,527
Additions
-
4,585
8,661
2,746
16,731
Disposals
(6)
(486)
(10,325)
(1,497)
(482)
(4)
(12,800)
As at March 31, 2025
I 4,205
I 48,535
I 74,919
I 17,321
I 6,456
I 22
I 151,458
Accumulated depreciation/
As at April 1, 2024
I -
I 10,093
I 53,776
I 10,801
I 4,877
I 10
I 79,557
-
1,120
I -
I 10,254
I 54,564
I 10,898
I 4,951
I 10
I 80,677
-
1,368
8,426
1,913
12,192
Disposals
-
(234)
(9,927)
(1,300)
(463)
(4)
(11,928)
As at March 31, 2025
I -
I 11,388
I 53,063
I 11,511
I 4,969
I 10
I 80,941
March 31, 2025
I 4,205
I 37,147
I 21,856
I 5,810
I 1,487
I 12
I 70,517
(1) Including net carrying value of computer equipment and software amounting to I 11,976 and I 12,252 as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
5. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
Land
Buildings
Plant and
Vehicles
Total
As at April 1, 2025
I 1,122
I 19,590
I 3
I -
I 20,715
Additions
-
4,777
-
4,777
Disposals
-
(3,457)
(2)
-
(3,459)
As at March 31, 2026
I 1,122
I 20,910
I 1
I -
I 22,033
Accumulated depreciation
As at April 1, 2025
I 106
I 7,697
I 3
I -
I 7,806
Depreciation
2,706
-
2,725
Disposals
-
(3,002)
(2)
-
(3,004)
As at March 31, 2026
I 125
I 7,401
I 1
I -
I 7,527
I 997
I 13,509
I -
I -
I 14,506
As at April 1, 2024
I 1,343
I 9,914
I 106
I 28
I 11,391
-
2,146
-
2,147
I 1,343
I 12,060
I 106
I 29
I 13,538
Additions
-
8,243
-
8,243
Disposals
(221)
(713)
(103)
(29)
(1,066)
As at March 31, 2025
I 1,122
I 19,590
I 3
I -
I 20,715
Accumulated depreciation
As at April 1, 2024
I 98
I 4,766
I 86
I 26
I 4,976
-
1,107
-
1,108
I 98
I 5,873
I 86
I 27
I 6,084
Depreciation
2,486
2,529
Disposals
(13)
(662)
(103)
(29)
(807)
As at March 31, 2025
I 106
I 7,697
I 3
I -
I 7,806
I 1,016
I 11,893
I -
I -
I 12,909
The Company recognised the following expenses in the statement of profit and loss:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Rent expense recognized under facility expenses pertaining to:

I -
I -

3,386
3,730
I 3,386
I 3,730

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Income from subleasing ROU assets to subsidiaries for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 amounting to I 214 and
I 182, respectively.
The Company is committed to a lease amounting to I 576 which have not commenced as of March 31, 2026. The term of this
lease is 5 years.
Payments toward leases of low-value assets and Short-term leases, are disclosed under operating activities in the statement of
cash flows. All other lease payments during the period are disclosed under financing activities in the statement of cash flows.
Lease liability
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 15,791
I 10,304
Additions
7,593
9,755
Deletions
(554)
(54)
1,072
(5,754)
(5,254)
Translation adjustment
1,213
I 19,361
I 15,791

Non-current
I 15,213
I 11,978

Current
4,148
3,813
Refer to Note 20 for remaining contractual maturities of lease liabilities.
6. CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS ("CWIP")
The following table represent ageing of CWIP as on March 31, 2026:
Less than
More than
Total
I 3,322
I 450
I 350
I -
I 4,122
Total
I 3,322
I 450
I 350
I -
I 4,122
The following table represent ageing of CWIP as on March 31, 2025:
Less than
More than
Total
I 1,426
I 359
I -
I -
I 1,785
Total
I 1,426
I 359
I -
I -
I 1,785
As on March 31, 2026 and 2025, there are no projects under CWIP whose completion is overdue compared to its original plan.
As on March 31, 2026 and 2025, there are no projects under CWIP where the project costs has exceeded as compared to its
original plan.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
7. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 6,082
I 4,604
-
1,478
I 6,082
I 6,082
Additions through Business combination
-
I 6,098
I 6,082
The Company is organised by two operating segments: IT Services and IT Products. Goodwill of I 6,098 and I 6,082 as
at March 31, 2026 and 2025 has been allocated to the IT Services operating segment.
Goodwill recognised on business combinations is allocated to Cash Generating Units ( CGUs ), within the IT Services
operating segment, which are expected to benefit from the synergies of the acquisitions.
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
CGUs
Americas 1
I 7
I 7
Americas 2
4,669
Europe
Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa
1,410
1,394
Total
I 6,098
I 6,082
For impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to a CGU representing the lowest level within the Company at which goodwill
is monitored for internal management purposes, and which is not higher than the Company s operating segment. Goodwill
is tested for impairment at least annually in accordance with the Company s procedure for determining the recoverable
value of each CGU.
market capitalisation approach, using the turnover and earnings multiples derived from observable market data. The fair
value measurement is categorised as a level 2 fair value based on the inputs in the valuation techniques used.
Based on the above testing, no impairment was identified as at March 31, 2026 and 2025 as the recoverable value
of the CGUs exceeded the carrying value. A sensitivity analysis to the change in the key parameters (turnover and
earnings multiples), did not identify any probable scenarios where the CGU s recoverable amount would fall below its
carrying amount.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
The movement in other intangible assets is given below:
Customer-related
Marketing-related
Total
As at April 1, 2025
I 2,295
I 32
I 2,327
As at March 31, 2026
I 2,295
I 32
I 2,327
Accumulated amortisation/impairment:
As at April 1, 2025
I 1,580
I 26
I 1,606
Amortisation
As at March 31, 2026
I 1,867
I 30
I 1,897
I 428
I 2
I 430
As at April 1, 2024
I 2,295
I 32
I 2,327
As at March 31, 2025
I 2,295
I 32
I 2,327
Accumulated amortisation/impairment:
As at April 1, 2024
I 1,293
I 21
I 1,314
Amortisation
As at March 31, 2025
I 1,580
I 26
I 1,606
I 715
I 6
I 721
As at March 31, 2026, the net carrying value and estimated remaining amortisation period for intangible assets acquired on
acquisition are as follows:
Acquisition
Net
carrying
Estimated
remaining
amortisation
period
I 430
0.50 - 3.50 years
Total
I 430

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
8. INVESTMENTS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
Financial instruments at FVTPL

Equity instruments - unquoted(1)
I 113
I 56

-
1,203

Investment in redeemable preference shares of subsidiary (Refer to Note 8.1)
19,706
16,661
Financial instruments at FVTOCI

Equity instruments - quoted

Equity instruments - unquoted

Inter corporate and term deposits - unquoted(3)
8,574
7,807

Investment in equity instruments of subsidiaries, net of impairment (Refer to Note 8.1)
213,505
178,403
I 242,145
I 204,399
I 36
I 57
242,109
204,342
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments in subsidiaries
(8,350)
(9,904)
Current
Financial instruments at FVTPL

Short-term mutual funds - unquoted(2)
I 76,594
I 88,625

1,281
Financial instruments at FVTOCI

Non-convertible debentures - quoted
210,328
219,389

Government securities - quoted
8,946
10,650

Commercial papers - quoted
14,227
2,858

Bonds - quoted
10,385
21,138

Inter corporate and term deposits - unquoted(3)
72,959
66,608
I 394,720
I 409,568
I 243,886
I 254,035
150,834
155,533
Financial instruments at FVTPL
I 97,694
I 106,845
Financial instruments at FVTOCI
244,133
254,304
295,038
252,818
Total Investments
I 636,865
I 613,967
(1) Uncalled capital commitments outstanding as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, was I 62 and I 107, respectively.
(2) As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, short-term mutual funds include units placed on lien with bank on account of margin money for currency derivatives
amounting to I Nil and I 233, respectively.
(3) These deposits earn a fixed rate of interest. As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, term deposits include current deposits in lien with banks, held as margin
money deposits against guarantees, amounting to I 961 and I 903, respectively.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
8.1 Details of non-current investment in unquoted equity instruments and preference shares
of subsidiaries (fully paid up)
Name of the subsidiary
Currency of
Investment
Face Value
Number of
units as at
March 31, 2026
Number of
units as at
March 31, 2025
Balances as
at March, 31
Balances as
at March, 31
Equity Instruments
Wipro, LLC (2)
U.S.$
Note 1
Note 1
Note 1
I 138,243
I 104,695
PHP
PHP 100
1,889,145
1,889,142
47,298
Wipro IT Services UK Societas
EUR
EUR 1
163,617
18,903
U.S.$
U.S.$ 1
226,151,974
11,807
INR
I 10
10,000
2,713
SGD
SGD 1
28,126,108
1,339
Wipro Japan KK
U.S.$
Note 2
BDT
BDT 10
42,499,990
INR
I 10
20,000
U.S.$
Note 3
Note 3
Note 3
INR
Note 3
Note 3
Note 3
INR
I 10
6,000
U.S.$
U.S.$ 0.01
1,000
Wipro Japan KK
JPY
Note 2
INR
I 10
66,171
Wipro Connected Services, Inc.(1)
U.S.$
U.S.$ 0.01
1,000
-
^
-
Sub-total
I 221,855
I 188,307
Preference Shares
Wipro IT Services UK Societas
EUR
EUR 100
1,810,000
I 19,706
I 16,661
Sub-total
I 19,706
I 16,661
Total investment in unquoted equity and preference instruments of subsidiaries
I 241,561
I 204,968
Less: Impairment in value of investments in subsidiary
I (359)
I (359)
(7,937)
(9,545)
(54)
-
Sub-total
I (8,350)
I (9,904)
Net investment in unquoted equity and preference instruments of subsidiaries
I 233,211
I 195,064
(1) Wipro Digital Inc. 100% subsidiary of the Company was reverse merged with Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly known as Harman Connected Services,
Inc.) effective December 1, 2025.
(2) During the year ended March 31, 2026, the Company invested I 33,548 in Wipro, LLC, its wholly owned subsidiary.
Note 1 - As per the local laws of USA, there is no requirement of number of shares and face value thereof for a Limited Liability Company (LLC). Hence the
investment by the Company is considered as equity contribution.
Note 2 - As per the local laws of Japan, the shares do not have face value.
Note 3 - As per the local laws of People s Republic of China, there is no requirement of number of shares and face value thereof. Hence the investment by the
Company is considered as equity contribution.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
9. TRADE RECEIVABLES
The following table represent ageing of Trade receivables as on March 31, 2026:
Not Due
Less than
More than
Total
Unsecured - Current
I 72,784
I 21,775
I 705
I 171
I 262
I 2,487
I 98,184
1,665
3,161
-
1,372
1,541
Gross Trade receivables
I 73,561
I 21,955
I 2,370
I 330
I 380
I 4,290 I 102,886
(6,270)
Net Trade receivables
I 96,616
The following table represent ageing of Trade receivables as on March 31, 2025:
Not Due
Less than
More than
Total
Unsecured - Current
I 56,598
I 18,873
I 2,419
I 971
I 1,775
I 1,664 I 82,300
1,475
^
1,560
1,944
Disputed Trade receivables - credit impaired
-
Gross Trade receivables
I 57,339
I 19,266
I 2,507
I 1,069
I 1,803
I 3,976 I 85,960
(5,164)
Net Trade receivables
I 80,796
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 5,164
I 4,578
-
I 5,164
I 4,648
Additions, net (Refer to Note 27)
2,729
Additons on account of Unbilled receivables
(261)
-
(1,821)
(336)
Translation adjustment
I 6,270
I 5,164

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
10. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Balances with banks

Current accounts
I 22,790
I 18,351

Demand deposits(1)
3,811
25,927

Unclaimed dividend
Cheques and drafts on hand
-
^
I 26,778
I 44,342
(1) These deposits can be withdrawn by the Company at any time without prior notice and without any penalty on the principal.
11. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
I 3,181
I 2,500
Security deposits
1,094
1,013
I 4,291
I 3,538
Current
I 3,062
I 3,382
Security deposits
1,848
1,507
-
Claims receivables
Interest receivable
Advance to customers
-
Other receivables
I 6,694
I 5,973
I 10,985
I 9,511

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Finance lease receivables consist of assets that are leased for contract terms ranging from 1 to 5 years, with lease
payments due in monthly or quarterly installments. Details of finance lease receivables is given below:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Year 1
I 3,352
I 3,650
Year 2
2,009
1,457
Year 3
1,017
Year 4
Year 5
I 6,780
I 6,400
Less: Unearned finance income
(537)
(518)
I 6,243
I 5,882

Non-current
I 3,181
I 2,500

Current
3,062
3,382
12. INVENTORIES
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Stock-in-trade
I 465
I 613
I 468
I 622
13. OTHER ASSETS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
Capital advances
I 441
I 247
Others

Prepaid expenses
2,743
2,015

1,062
1,148

2,552
1,991

I 6,848
I 5,474
Current
Advance other than capital advances

Advances to suppliers
I 1,668
I 1,944

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Others

Prepaid expenses
14,502
12,847

6,766
5,576

Withholding taxes

1,732
1,035

Other receivables
I 26,142
I 22,408
I 32,990
I 27,882
(1) Costs to obtain contracts amortisation of I 1,773 and I 988 during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.
(2) Costs to fulfil contracts amortisation of I 23 and I 8 during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.
14. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Authorised capital
12,543,500,000 equity shares, par value of I 2 per share (March 31, 2025: 12,543,500,000 equity
I 25,087
I 25,087
25,000,000 preference shares, par value of I 10 per share (March 31, 2025: 25,000,000
preference shares)
150,000 10% optionally convertible cumulative preference shares, par value of I 100 per share
(March 31, 2025: 150,000 10% optionally convertible cumulative preference shares)
I 25,352
I 25,352
Issued, subscribed and fully paid-up capital
10,488,412,458 equity shares of I 2 each (March 31, 2025: 10,472,136,049 equity shares)
I 20,977
I 20,944
I 20,977
I 20,944
Terms and rights attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of I 2 per share. Each shareholder of equity shares is entitled
to one vote per share. The Company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The final dividend proposed by the Board of
Directors is subject to shareholders approval in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
Following is the summary of per share dividends recognised as distributions to equity shareholders:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Interim dividend (Board recommended the adoption of the interim dividend as the final dividend)
(Refer to Note 29)
I 11 per share
I 6 per share
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the equity shareholders will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Company,
after distribution of all preferential amounts, if any, in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Reconciliation of number of equity shares
Equity shares/American Depository Receipts (ADRs)
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
I. Million
I. Million
10,472,136,049
I 20,944
5,225,138,246
I 10,450
16,276,409
13,628,596
Bonus issue of equity shares (Refer to Note 29)
-
5,233,369,207
10,467
10,488,412,458
I 20,977
10,472,136,049
I 20,944
ii. Reconciliation of number of treasury shares held by controlled trust
Equity shares
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
11,905,480
5,952,740
Bonus issue of equity shares (Refer to Note 29)
-
5,952,740
11,905,480
iii. Details of shareholders holding more than 5% of the total equity shares of the company
Name of the Shareholder
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner representing
Hasham Traders
1,886,826,730
17.99
1,767,826,730
16.88
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner representing
Prazim Traders
2,160,297,946
20.60
2,041,297,946
19.49
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner representing
Zash Traders
2,202,133,582
21.00
2,081,133,582
19.87
Azim Premji Trust
680,385,966
6.49
1,063,185,966
10.15
iv. Other details of equity shares for a period of five years immediately preceding
March 31, 2026 and 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Aggregate number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up pursuant to
contract(s) without payment being received in cash
Nil
Nil
During the year ended March 31, 2025
5,233,369,207
-
Aggregate number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares
5,233,369,207
-
During the year ended March 31, 2024
269,662,921
During the year ended March 31, 2021
237,500,000
During the year ended March 31, 2020
-
323,076,923
Aggregate number and class of shares bought back
507,162,921
830,239,844

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
v. Shares reserved for issue under employee stock incentive plans

For details of shares reserved for issue under the employee stock incentive plans of the Company, refer to Note 31.
vi. Details of Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group are as under
Name of the Promoter and Promoter Group
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Number of
Number of
Azim H. Premji
431,156,714
4.11%
(0.01)%
431,156,714
4.12%
(0.01)%
Yasmeen A. Premji
5,118,756
0.05%
0.00%
5,118,756
0.05%
(0.00)%
Rishad A. Premji
13,537,782
0.13%
0.00%
13,537,782
0.13%
0.00%
Tariq A. Premji
13,238,430
0.13%
0.00%
13,238,430
0.13%
0.00%
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner
representing Hasham Traders
1,886,826,730
17.99%
1.11% 1,767,826,730
16.88%
(0.04)%
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner
representing Prazim Traders
2,160,297,946
20.60%
1.11% 2,041,297,946
19.49%
(0.90)%
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner
representing Zash Traders
2,202,133,582
21.00%
1.13% 2,081,133,582
19.87%
(0.81)%
Hasham Investment and
Trading Co. Pvt. Ltd.
2,711,906
0.03%
0.00%
2,711,906
0.03%
(0.00)%
Prazim Trading And Investment
Company Pvt Ltd.
193,708,256
1.85%
0.23%
169,908,256
1.62%
Azim Premji Trust(1)
680,385,966
6.49%
(3.66)% 1,063,185,966
10.15%
(0.02)%
Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives
Private Limited(2)
27,724,830
0.26%
0.00%
27,724,830
0.26%
(0.01)%
(1) Mr. Azim H Premji disclaims the beneficial ownership of 680,385,966 shares held by Azim Premji Trust.
(2) Mr. Azim H Premji also disclaims the beneficial ownership of 27,724,830 shares held by Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited
15. BORROWINGS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Current
Unsecured

I 61,500
I 60,500
I 61,500
I 60,500
Short-term borrowings
As at March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Indian Rupee
Interest rate
Interest rate
Indian Rupee
Unsecured borrowings from banks
I 46,500
T-Bill + Spread
5.20% - 5.83%
I 50,500
Unsecured borrowings from banks
15,000
Fixed
6.10%
10,000
I 61,500
I 60,500
The principal source of short-term borrowings from banks as at March 31, 2026 primarily consists of lines of credit of approximately
I 89,023 from bankers for working capital requirements and other short-term needs. As at March 31, 2026, the Company has

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
unutilised lines of credit aggregating I 27,523. To utilise these unused lines of credit, the Company requires consent of
the lender and compliance with certain financial covenants. Significant portion of these lines of credit are revolving credit
facilities and floating rate loans, renewable on a periodic basis.
Borrowings from banks bear floating rates of interest, referenced to country specific official benchmark interest rates and
a spread, determined based on market conditions.
Refer to Note 26 for interest expense on borrowings.
April 1, 2025
Adjustment
Adjusted
balance as
on April 1,
Cash flow
Non-Cash Changes
March
31, 2026
Net
additions
to lease
Foreign
Borrowings
I 60,500
I -
I 60,500
I 1,000
I -
I -
I 61,500
Lease Liabilities
15,791
-
15,791
(5,754)
8,111
1,213
19,361
Total
I 76,291
I -
I 76,291
I (4,754)
I 8,111
I 1,213
I 80,861
April 1, 2024
Adjustment
on account of
merger
Adjusted
balance as
on April 1,
Cash flow
Non-Cash Changes
March
31, 2025
Net additions
to lease
Foreign
Borrowings
I 41,750
I -
I 41,750
I 18,750
I -
I -
I 60,500
Lease Liabilities
9,245
1,059
10,304
(5,254)
10,576
15,791
Total
I 50,995
I 1,059
I 52,054
I 13,496
I 10,576
I 165
I 76,291
Non fund based
The Company has non-fund based revolving credit facilities in various currencies equivalent to I 37,961 and I 39,228 as
at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, towards operational requirements that can be used for the issuance of letters
of credit and bank guarantees. As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, an amount of I 27,764 and I 28,756, respectively, was
unutilised out of these non-fund based facilities.
16. TRADE PAYABLES
The following table represent ageing of Trade payables as on March 31, 2026:
Unbilled
Not Due
Less than 1
More than 3
Total
Non-Current
MSME
I -
I -
I -
I -
I -
I -
I -
Others
3,719
-
3,719
I 3,719
I -
I -
I -
I -
I -
I 3,719
Current
MSME
I 1,269
I 1,032
I 14
I -
I -
I -
I 2,315
Others
24,426
24,887
8,009
57,533
Disputed dues - MSME
-
Disputed dues - Others
-
I 25,838
I 26,031
I 8,023
I 147
I 55
I 9
I 60,103
Total
I 29,557
I 26,031
I 8,023
I 147
I 55
I 9
I 63,822

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
The following table represent ageing of Trade payables as on March 31, 2025:
Unbilled
Not Due
Less than 1
More than 3
Total
Current
MSME
I 781
I 495
I 10
I -
I -
I -
I 1,286
Others
22,879
31,383
11,720
66,284
Disputed dues - MSME
-
Disputed dues - Others
-
Total
I 23,793
I 31,998
I 11,730
I 244
I 41
I 17
I 67,823
Dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises
The disclosure pursuant to the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006, (MSMED Act) for dues to micro
enterprises and small enterprises as at March 31, 2026 and 2025 is as under:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
(a) Principal amount remaining unpaid
I 2,315
I 1,286
(b) Interest due thereon remaining unpaid
Interest paid by the Company in terms of Section 16 of the MSMED Act, along with the
amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day
(d) Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which have been paid
but beyond the appointed day during the period) but without adding interest specified under
the MSMED Act
(e) Interest accrued and remaining unpaid
(f)
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years,
until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprises,
for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under section 23.
^
This information has been determined to the extent such parties have been identified on the basis of information available with
Relationship with the struck off companies
The Company had nil transactions and outstanding balance with struck off companies for the year ended March 31, 2026.
Transactions with struck off companies for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:
Name of struck off company
Relationship
with struck off
Nature of
transaction
Transactions for
the year ended
March 31, 2025
Balance
outstanding as at
March 31, 2025
IBIS Marcom Limited
Vendor
Payables
^
I -

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
17. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
I 719
I 1,026
Rent deposit
I 731
I 1,051
Current
Salary payable
I 21,374
I 20,003
Capital creditors
1,195
Rent deposit
Unclaimed dividends
Interest accrued but not due on borrowing
Other liabilities(1)
5,005
I 28,681
I 22,656
I 29,412
I 23,707
(1) Includes liability on non-designated hedges.
18. PROVISIONS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current

Compensated absences
I 596
I 498

Defined benefit plans - gratuity and foreign pension
1,062

I 1,838
I 2,600
Current

Compensated absences
I 11,656
I 11,676

1,024
Others
I 13,058
I 13,167
I 14,896
I 15,767

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
A summary of activity in provision for warranty, provision for onerous contracts and other provisions is as follows:
Year ended March 31, 2026
Year ended March 31, 2025
Provision
Provision
Others
Total
Provision
Provision
Others
Total
Provision at the beginning of the year
I 207
I 1,318
I 1,667
I 217
I 1,478
I 155
I 1,850
-
Adjusted balance at the beginning of
K 207
K 1,318
K 142
K 1,667
K 217
K 1,558
K 155
K 1,930
Additions during the year, net
-
Utilised/written-back during the year
(207)
(596)
(44)
(847)
(217)
(529)
(13)
(759)
Translation adjustment
-
Provision at the end of the year
I 214
I 950
I 98
I 1,262
I 207
I 1,318
I 142
I 1,667
Non-current portion
I -
I 6
I -
I 6
I -
I 294
I -
I 294
Current portion
1,256
1,024
1,373
Provision for warranty represents cost associated with providing sales support services which are accrued at the time of recognition
of revenues and are expected to be utilised over a period of 1 year.
Provision for onerous contracts is recognised when the expected benefit by the company from a contract are lower than the
unavoidable costs of meeting the future obligations under the contract.
Other provisions primarily include provisions for compliance related contingencies. The timing of cash outflows in respect of such
provision cannot be reasonably determined.
19. OTHER LIABILITIES
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
I 17,877
I 12,703
I 17,877
I 12,703
Current
I 10,153
I 9,681
I 10,479
I 10,037
I 28,356
I 22,740

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Fair value
Amortised
Total
Mandatory
Designated
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to Note 10)
I -
I -
I -
I 26,778
I 26,778
Investments (Refer to Note 8)

Equity Instruments
-

1,281
-
1,281

Investment in redeemable preference shares of
19,706
-
19,706

Investment in equity instruments of
subsidiaries, net of impairment
-
213,505

76,594
-
76,594

-
210,328
-
210,328

Government securities
-
8,946
-
8,946

Commercial papers
-
14,227
-
14,227

Bonds
-
10,385
-
10,385

-
81,533

Trade receivables (Refer to Note 9)
-
96,616

Unbilled receivables
-
53,212

Other financial assets (Refer to Note 11)
-
10,985
Derivative assets (Refer to Note 20)
-
I 97,989
I 243,886
I 840
I 482,629
I 825,344
Financial liabilities

Trade payables (Refer to Note 16)
I -
I -
I -
I 63,822
I 63,822

Other financial liabilities (Refer to Note 17)
-
29,412
Borrowings (Refer to Note 15)
-
61,500
Lease liabilities
-
19,361
Derivative liabilities (Refer to Note 20)
-
9,162
-
9,799
I 637
I -
I 9,162
I 174,095
I 183,894

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Fair value
Amortised
Total
Mandatory
Designated
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to Note 10)
I -
I -
I -
I 44,342
I 44,342
Investments (Refer to Note 8)

Equity Instruments
-

1,503
-
1,503

Investment in redeemable preference shares of
16,661
-
16,661

Investment in equity instruments of subsidiaries, net of
-
178,403

88,625
-
88,625

-
219,389
-
219,389

Government securities
-
10,650
-
10,650

Commercial papers
-
2,858
-
2,858

Bonds
-
21,138
-
21,138

-
74,415

Trade receivables (Refer to Note 9)
-
80,796

Unbilled receivables
-
37,436

Other financial assets (Refer to Note 11)
-
9,511
Derivative assets (Refer to Note 20)
-
1,578
I 107,757
I 254,035
I 935
I 424,903
I 787,630
Financial liabilities

Trade payables (Refer to Note 16)
I-
I-
I-
I 67,823
I 67,823

Other financial liabilities (Refer to Note 17)
-
23,707
Borrowings (Refer to Note 15)
-
60,500
Lease liabilities
-
15,791
Derivative liabilities (Refer to Note 20)
-
I 75
I -
I 893
I 167,821
I 168,789

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
Financial assets
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Gross
Gross
Net
Gross
Gross
Net
Trade receivables
I 104,755
I (8,139)
I 96,616
I 86,977
I (6,181)
I 80,796
7,010
-
7,010
-
47,051
(849)
46,202
39,007
(1,571)
37,436
4,291
-
4,291
3,538
-
3,538
6,694
-
6,694
5,973
-
5,973
I 169,801
I (8,988)
I 160,813
I 135,495
I (7,752)
I 127,743
Financial liabilities
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Gross
Gross
Net
Gross
Gross
Net
Trade payables - non-current
I 3,719
I -
I 3,719
I -
I -
I -
Trade payables - current
69,091
(8,988)
60,103
75,575
(7,752)
67,823
Other financial liabilities - non-current
-
1,051
-
1,051
28,681
-
28,681
22,656
-
22,656
I 102,222
I (8,988)
I 93,234
I 99,282
I (7,752)
I 91,530
For the financial assets and liabilities subject to offsetting or similar arrangements, each agreement between the Company
and the counterparty allows for net settlement of the relevant financial assets and liabilities when both elect to settle on
a net basis. In the absence of such an election, financial assets and liabilities will be settled on a gross basis and hence
Fair value
Financial assets and liabilities include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, unbilled receivables, finance lease
receivables, employee and other advances, loans to subsidiaries, eligible current and non-current assets, borrowings,
lease liabilities, trade payables, and eligible current and non-current liabilities.
The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, unbilled receivables, short-term borrowings, lease liabilities,
trade payables, other current financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amount largely due to the short-term
nature of these instruments. Finance lease receivables are periodically evaluated based on individual credit worthiness
of customers. Based on this evaluation, the Company records allowance for estimated credit losses on these receivables.
As at March 31, 2026, and 2025 the carrying value of such financial assets, net of allowances, and liabilities approximates
the fair value.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Investments in short-term mutual funds and fixed maturity plan mutual funds, which are classified as FVTPL are measured using
net asset values at the reporting date multiplied by the quantity held. Fair value of investments in non-convertible debentures,
government securities, commercial papers and bonds classified as FVTOCI is determined based on the indicative quotes of price
and yields prevailing in the market at the reporting date. Fair value of investments in equity instruments classified as FVTOCI or
The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined based on observable market inputs including currency spot and
The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have been defined
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e.
There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025.
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Assets
Derivative instruments

I 593
I -
I 593
I -
I 666
I -
I 666
I -

Others
-
Investments

76,594
-
88,625
-

Fixed maturity plan mutual
funds
1,281
-
1,281
-
1,503
-
1,503
-

Equity instruments - other
than subsidiaries
-

Redeemable preference
shares of subsidiary
19,706
-
19,706
16,661
-
16,661

Non-convertible debentures,
government securities,
commercial papers and bonds
243,886
8,854
235,032
-
254,035
10,550
243,485
-
Liabilities
Derivative instruments

I (9,162)
I -
I (9,162)
I -
I (893)
I -
I (893)
I -

Others
(637)
-
(637)
-
(75)
-
(75)
-

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Financial instrument
counterparties, primarily banks with investment grade credit ratings. Derivatives
valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs are mainly
interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forward contracts and foreign exchange
option contracts. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include
forward pricing, swap models and Black Scholes models (for option valuation),
using present value calculations. The models incorporate various inputs
including the credit quality of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward
rates, interest rate curves and forward rate curves of the underlying. As at
March 31, 2026, the changes in counterparty credit risk had no material effect
on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives designated in hedge
relationships and other financial instruments recognised at fair value.
government securities, commercial papers
and bonds
price and yields prevailing in the market as at reporting date.
Investment in Fixed maturity plan mutual funds
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the Level 3 financial instruments included
Financial instrument
Fair value of these instruments is determined using market approach primarily based on
market multiples method.
Investment in redeemable preference
shares of subsidiary
Fair value is determined using discounted cash flow method.
The following table presents changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Investment in equity instruments - other than subsidiaries
I 268
I 193
Additions
Disposals(1)
(181)
(1)
Gain/(loss) recognised in statement of profit and loss
(4)
Gain/(loss) recognised in other comprehensive income
I 324
I 268
(1) During the year ended March 31, 2026, as a result of an acquisition by another investor, the Company sold its shares of equity instruments in a
company at a fair value of I 181 and recognised a cumulative gain of I 161 in other comprehensive income.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Investment in redeemable preference shares of subsidiary
I 16,661
I 16,282
Unrealised exchange gain /(loss)
3,045
I 19,706
I 16,661
The Company is exposed to currency fluctuations on foreign currency assets/liabilities, forecasted cash flows denominated
in foreign currency and net investment in foreign operations. The company is also exposed to interest rate fluctuations on
investments in floating rate financial assets and floating rate borrowings. The Company follows established risk management
policies, including the use of derivatives to hedge foreign currency assets/liabilities, interest rates, foreign currency forecasted
cash flows and net investment in foreign operations. The counterparties in these derivative instruments are primarily banks and
The following table presents the aggregate contracted principal amounts of the Company's derivative contracts outstanding:
(in millions)
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Notional
Fair Value
Notional
Fair Value
Designated derivative instruments

Sell: Forward contracts
U.S.$
2,413
(8,211)
U.S.$
1,008
(608)
€
£
AUD
(20)
AUD

Buy: Forward contracts
U.S.$
U.S.$
-

Range Forward Option contracts
U.S.$
(1,497)
U.S.$
€
(55)
£
(89)
AUD
(32)
AUD
Non-designated derivative

Sell: Forward contracts
U.S.$
(768)
U.S.$
€
(27)
£
(14)
AUD
AUD
SGD
SGD
ZAR
ZAR
(13)
CAD
CAD
SAR
^
SAR
(4)
QAR
^
QAR
^
TRY
TRY
NOK
NOK
-
OMR
^
OMR
^
JPY
1,220
JPY
(13)

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
(in millions)
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Notional
Fair Value
Notional
Fair Value
DKK
-
DKK
(11)
CNH
-
CNH
(1)
COP
8,120
(3)
COP
8,120
MYR
MYR
RON
-
RON
(1)
HKD
^
HKD
^
TWD
TWD
^
CHF
CHF
(3)
PHP
-
PHP
(4)
THB
(2)
THB
PLN
PLN
BRL
(18)
BRL
(2)

Buy: Forward contracts
U.S.$
U.S.$
(25)
€
(162)
€
£
(16)
£
AUD
-
AUD
(2)
CAD
(11)
CAD
(40)
QAR
^
QAR
^
CNH
(7)
CNH
(1)
RON
(12)
RON
PLN
(43)
PLN
SEK
(7)
SEK
BRL
BRL
JPY
(1)
JPY
DKK
^
DKK
(1)
THB
(6)
THB
(5)
CRC
2,300
(7)
CRC
1,871
^
PHP
(2)
PHP
PEN
-
PEN
^
LKR
1,693
(2)
LKR
1,100
(1)
CLP
2,900
(3)
CLP
2,900
(5)
BHD
^
BHD
^
OMR
^
OMR
^
HKD
-
HKD
(5)
SGD
-
SGD
(3)
MYR
(4)
MYR
^
MXN
(14)
MXN
(1)
AED
^
AED
-
SAR
^
SAR
-
KRW
6,400
(8)
KRW
-
I (8,911)
I 610

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company determines the existence of an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item
based on the currency, amount and timing of its forecasted cash flows. Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the
hedge relationship, and through periodic prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists
between the hedged item and hedging instrument, including whether the hedging instrument is expected to offset changes in
cash flows of hedged items.
If the hedge ratio for risk management purposes is no longer optimal but the risk management objective remains unchanged and
the hedge continues to qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationship will be rebalanced by adjusting either the volume of
the hedging instrument or the volume of the hedged item so that the hedge ratio aligns with the ratio used for risk management
purposes. Any hedge ineffectiveness is calculated and accounted for in the statement of profit and loss at the time of the hedge
relationship rebalancing.
The following table summarises activity in the cash flow hedging reserve within equity related to all derivative instruments
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I (318)
I 524

(13,467)
(1,167)

(776)
(91)

Net (gain)/loss reclassified to statement of profit and loss on occurrence of hedged
transactions(1)
5,216
I (9,027)
I (842)
I (9,345)
I (318)
2,226
I (7,119)
I (241)
(1) Includes net (gain)/loss reclassified to revenue of I 6,093 and I 394 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively; net (gain)/loss reclassified to
employee benefits expense of I (877) and I (51) for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively and net (gain)/loss reclassified to other income of I
Nil and I 73 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.
The related hedge transactions for balance in cash flow hedging reserves as at March 31, 2026 are expected to occur and be
reclassified to the statement of profit and loss over a period of 12 months.
As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, there were no gains or losses on derivative transactions or portions thereof that have become
ineffective as hedges or associated with an underlying exposure that did not occur.
From time to time, in the normal course of business, the Company transfers accounts receivables, unbilled receivables, net
investment in finance lease receivables (financial assets) to banks. Under the terms of the arrangements, the Company either
substantially transfers its risks and rewards or surrenders control over the financial assets and transfer is without recourse.
Accordingly, on such transfers the financial assets are derecognised and considered as sale of financial assets. Gains and losses
on the sale of financial assets without recourse are recorded in finance costs, at the time of sale based on the carrying value of
the financial assets and fair value of servicing liability. The incremental impact of such transactions on our cash flow and liquidity
for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 is not material.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Market Risk
Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, to fair values or to future cash flows that may result from a change in the
price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates,
foreign currency exchange rates and other market changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments. Market risk is
attributable to all market risk sensitive financial instruments including investments, foreign currency receivables, payables
and borrowings.
The Company s exposure to market risk is a function of investment and borrowing activities and revenue generating
activities in foreign currency. The objective of market risk management is to avoid excessive exposure of the Company s
earnings and equity to losses.
Risk Management Procedures
The Company manages market risk through a corporate treasury department, which evaluates and exercises independent
control over the entire process of market risk management. The corporate treasury department recommends risk
management objectives and policies, which are approved by our senior management and the Company s Audit, Risk
and Compliance Committee. The activities of this department include management of cash resources, implementing
hedging strategies for foreign currency exposures, borrowing strategies, and ensuring compliance with market risk limits
and policies.
The Company operates internationally, and a major portion of its business is transacted in several currencies. Consequently,
the Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk through receiving payment for sales and services in the United States
and elsewhere and making purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The exchange rate risk
primarily arises from foreign exchange revenue, receivables, cash balances, forecasted cash flows, payables and foreign
currency borrowings. A significant portion of the Company s revenue is in the U.S. Dollars, Pound Sterling, Euro, Indian
Rupee, Australian Dollars and Canadian Dollars, while a large portion of costs are in Indian Rupees. The exchange rate
between the Indian Rupee and these currencies has fluctuated significantly in recent years and may continue to fluctuate
in the future. Appreciation of the Indian Rupee against these currencies can adversely affect the Company s results
of operations.
The Company evaluates exchange rate exposure arising from these transactions and enters into foreign currency
derivative instruments to mitigate such exposure. The Company follows established risk management policies, including
the use of derivatives like foreign exchange forward/option contracts to hedge forecasted cash flows denominated in
foreign currency.
The Company has designated certain derivative instruments as cash flow hedges to mitigate the foreign exchange
exposure of forecasted highly probable cash flows.
As at March 31, 2026, a I 1 increase in the spot exchange rate of the Indian Rupee with the U.S. Dollar would result in
an approximately I 2,667 (including statement of profit and loss of I 655 and other comprehensive income of I 2,012)
decrease in the fair value, and a I 1 decrease would result in an approximately I 2,653 (including statement of profit and
loss of I 655 and other comprehensive income of I 1,998) increase in the fair value of foreign currency dollar denominated
derivative instruments (forward and option contracts).

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
The below table presents foreign currency risk from non-derivative financial assets/(liabilities) as of March 31, 2026 and 2025:
As at March 31, 2026
U.S.$
Euro
Pound
Sterling
Australian
Dollar
Canadian
Dollar
Other
Total
Trade receivables
I 57,342
I 13,266
I 10,418
I 2,728
I 565
I 6,723
I 91,042
Unbilled receivables
29,314
5,538
7,169
2,091
2,932
48,009
5,394
2,749
2,853
1,687
7,333
2,386
22,402
1,192
1,580
4,246
Investment in redeemable
preference shares of subsidiary
-
19,706
-
19,706
Lease liabilities
(3,739)
(2,974)
(2,828)
(80)
(25)
(712)
(10,358)
Trade payables and other financial
(44,290)
(11,197)
(11,861)
(2,886)
(2,745)
(6,235)
(79,214)
I 45,213
I 28,668
I 6,141
I 3,633
I 6,243
I 5,935
I 95,833
(1) Other currencies reflect currencies such as Singapore Dollar, Swiss Franc, Swedish Krona, United Arab Emirates Dirham and Polish Zloty
As at March 31, 2025
U.S.$
Euro
Pound
Sterling
Australian
Dollar
Canadian
Dollar
Other
Total
Trade receivables
I 38,924
I 12,335
I 7,616
I 2,599
I 1,213
I 8,494
I 71,181
Unbilled receivables
22,604
4,118
4,025
1,587
1,862
34,735
5,261
1,602
1,117
1,007
4,392
1,735
15,114
1,181
1,046
3,587
Investment in redeemable
preference shares of subsidiary
-
16,661
-
16,661
Lease liabilities
(2,402)
(1,836)
(2,402)
(259)
(72)
(1,084)
(8,055)
Trade payables and other financial
(41,054)
(8,679)
(7,275)
(1,414)
(857)
(6,074)
(65,353)
I 24,078
I 25,382
I 3,434
I 3,681
I 5,316
I 5,979
I 67,870
(1) Other currencies reflect currencies such as Saudi Riyal, Singapore Dollar, Swiss Franc, Polish Zloty and United Arab Emirates Dirham.
As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, every 1% increase/decrease in the respective foreign currencies compared to
functional currency of the Company would increase/decrease the Company s profit before taxes by approximately I 958 and
I 679, respectively.
Interest rate risk primarily arises from floating rate borrowings, including various revolving and other lines of credit.
The Company s investments are primarily in short-term investments, which do not expose IT to significant interest rate risk.
Interest rate risk primarily arises from floating rate borrowing, including various revolving and other lines of credit. If interest rates
were to increase by 100 bps as on March 31, 2026 additional net annual interest expense on floating rate borrowing would amount
to approximately I 465. Certain borrowings are also transacted at fixed interest rates.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Credit risk
this, the Company periodically assesses the credit rating and financial reliability of customers, considering the financial
condition, current economic trends, forward-looking macroeconomic information, analysis of historical bad debts and
ageing of accounts receivable. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable as at March
31, 2026 and 2025, and revenues for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025. There is no significant concentration
of credit risk.
Trade receivables and unbilled receivables are written off where there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators
that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a customer to engage in a
repayment plan with the Company.
Refer to Note 9 for changes in allowance for lifetime expected credit loss.
Counterparty risk
Counterparty risk encompasses issuer risk on marketable securities, settlement risk on derivative and money market
contracts and credit risk on cash and time deposits. Issuer risk is minimised by only buying securities in India which are at
least AA rated by Indian rating agencies. Settlement and credit risk is reduced by the policy of entering into transactions
with counterparties that are usually banks or financial institutions with acceptable credit ratings. Exposure to these risks are
closely monitored and maintained within predetermined parameters. There are limits on credit exposure to any financial
institution. The limits are regularly assessed and determined based upon credit analysis including financial statements
Cash and cash equivalents includes demand deposits of I 404 and bank balances of I 21,456 held with two banks having
high credit ratings, which are individually in excess of 10% or more of the Company s total cash and cash equivalents as
at March 31, 2026. Refer to Note 10.
The Company did not have any significant concentration of investment risk, as no investments with any single counterparty
exceeded 10% of total investments, excluding investments in equity instruments and redeemable preference shares of
subsidiaries as at March 31, 2026. Refer to Note 8.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Company will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time or at
a reasonable price. The Company s corporate treasury department is responsible for liquidity and funding as well as
settlement management. In addition, processes and policies related to such risks are overseen by senior management.
Management monitors the Company s net liquidity position through rolling forecasts based on the expected cash flows.
As at March 31, 2026, cash and cash equivalents are held with major banks and financial institutions.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
The table below provides details regarding the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date. The
amounts include estimated interest payments and exclude the impact of netting agreements, if any.
As at March 31, 2026
Less than
Beyond 4
Total cash
Interest
Carrying
Borrowings(1)
I 61,988
I -
I -
I -
I 61,988
I (488)
I 61,500
Lease liabilities(1)
5,135
4,250
5,134
9,284
23,803
(4,442)
19,361
Trade payables
60,103
1,420
1,777
63,822
-
63,822
Derivative liabilities
9,799
-
9,799
-
9,799

Salary payable
21,374
-
21,374
-
21,374

-
1,440
-
1,440

Capital creditors
-

Rent deposit
-

-

Others
5,272
-
5,272
-
5,272
I 165,706
I 6,041
I 7,271
I 9,806
I 188,824
I (4,930)
I 183,894
As at March 31, 2025
Less than
Beyond 4
Total cash
Interest
Carrying
Borrowings(1)
I 61,290
I -
I -
I -
I 61,290
I (790)
I 60,500
Lease liabilities(1)
4,631
3,325
3,912
7,826
19,694
(3,903)
15,791
Trade payables
67,823
-
67,823
-
67,823
Derivative liabilities
-

Salary payable
20,003
-
20,003
-
20,003

-
1,368
-
1,368

Capital creditors
1,195
-
1,195
-
1,195

Rent deposit
-

-

Others
-
I 157,368
I 3,671
I 4,617
I 7,826
I 173,482
I (4,693)
I 168,789
(1) Includes future cash outflow towards estimated interest on borrowings and lease liabilities.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
The balanced view of liquidity and financial indebtedness is stated in the table below. This calculation of the net cash
position is used by the management for external communication with investors, analysts and rating agencies:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 26,778
I 44,342
Investments - current
394,720
409,568
Borrowings
(61,500)
(60,500)
I 359,998
I 393,410
21. INCOME TAX
Income tax expense has been allocated as follows:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Income tax expense as per the statement of profit and loss

I 38,349
I 39,934

(593)
(2,940)
I 37,756
I 36,994

I (323)
I 221

(2,149)
(202)

I (2,419)
I 97
I 35,337
I 37,091
tax rate to profit before taxes is as follows:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 159,052
I 146,125
34.94%
I 55,573
I 51,056
Effect of

I (17,492)
I (14,139)

(331)

Income taxed at higher/(lower) rates
(223)
(74)

(3,949)
(4,156)

Changes in unrecognised deferred tax assets
(543)

4,317
4,194

Others, net
I 37,756
I 36,994
Effective income tax rate
23.74%
25.32%

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 116
I 112
4,331
4,789
1,647
1,129
2,226
Others
I 8,333
I 6,169
I (1,031)
I (771)
Amortisable goodwill
(449)
(378)
(2,124)
(2,397)
(2,627)
(3,485)
I (6,231)
I (7,031)
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities), net
I 2,102
I (862)
Amounts presented in the balance sheet
I 2,102
I 453
-
1,315
Movement during the year ended March 31, 2026
As at
April 1, 2025
Adjustment
Adjusted
balance
as at April 1,
Credit/
Credit/
Translation
As at March
31, 2026
I 112
I -
I 112
I 4
I -
I -
I 116
4,789
-
4,789
(405)
(53)
-
4,331
1,129
-
1,129
-
1,647
-
2,149
-
2,226
(771)
-
(771)
(260)
-
(1,031)
Amortisable goodwill
(378)
-
(378)
(71)
-
(449)
(2,397)
-
(2,397)
(50)
-
(2,124)
Special Economic Zone
(3,485)
-
(3,485)
-
(2,627)
Others
-
(1)
-
(48)
Deferred tax assets/(liabilities),
net
I (862)
I -
I (862)
I 593
I 2,419
I (48)
I 2,102

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Movement during the year ended March 31, 2025
As at
April 1, 2024
Adjustment
Adjusted
balance
as at April 1,
Credit/
of profit
and loss
Credit/
Translation
As at
I 766
I -
I 766
I (654)
I -
I -
I 112
3,572
3,948
(78)
-
4,789
Allowances for lifetime
expected credit loss
1,340
1,386
(257)
-
1,129
(125)
-
(125)
-
Property, plant and
(1,141)
(994)
-
(771)
Amortisable goodwill
(300)
-
(300)
(78)
-
(378)
Interest income and
fair value movement of
(710)
(23)
(733)
(1,443)
(221)
-
(2,397)
Special Economic Zone
(7,820)
-
(7,820)
4,335
-
(3,485)
Others
(3)
(105)
-
(11)
Deferred tax assets/
I (4,237)
I 543
I (3,694)
I 2,940
I (97)
I (11)
I (862)
Deferred taxes on unrealised foreign exchange gain/loss relating to cash flow hedges, fair value movements in investments
and remeasurements of the defined benefit plans are recognised in other comprehensive income and presented within
equity. Other than these, the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities is primarily recorded in the statement of profit
In assessing the realisability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers the extent to which IT is probable that the
deferred tax asset will be realised. The ultimate realisation of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
of future taxable profits during the periods in which those temporary differences and tax loss carry-forwards become
deductible. The Company considers the expected reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income
and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on this, the Company believes that IT is probable that the
Company will realise the benefits of these deductible differences. The amount of deferred tax asset considered realisable,
however, could be reduced in the near term if the estimates of future taxable income during the carry-forward period
are reduced.
The Company has recognised deferred tax assets of I 116 and I 112 as at March 31, 2026 and 2025 primarily in respect
of capital loss incurred on account of liquidation of an investment. Management s projections of future taxable capital gain
support the assumption that IT is probable that sufficient taxable income will be available to utilise this deferred tax asset.
A substantial portion of the profits of the Company s India operations are exempt from Indian income taxes being profits
attributable to export operations and profits from units established under Special Economic Zone Act, 2005 scheme. Units
in designated SEZs providing service on or after April 1, 2005 will be eligible for a deduction of 100% of profits or gains
derived from the export of services for the first five years from commencement of provision of services and 50% of such
profits and gains for a further five years. A 50% tax deduction is available for a further five years subject to the unit meeting
certain defined conditions. Profits from certain other undertakings are also eligible for preferential tax treatment. New SEZ
units set up on or after April 1, 2021 are not eligible for aforesaid deduction. The tax holiday period being currently available
to the Company expires in various years through fiscal years 2034-35. The impact of tax holidays has resulted in a decrease

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
of current tax expense of I 13,092 and I 11,798 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, compared to the
effective tax amounts that the Company estimates IT would have been required to pay if these incentives had not been available.
The per equity share effect of these tax incentives for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 is I 1.25 and I 1.13, respectively.
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences except in respect of taxable temporary
differences associated with U.S. branch profit tax where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled
and IT is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, deferred income tax
liabilities on branch profit tax at 15% of the U.S. branch profits have not been recognised. Further, IT is not practicable to estimate
the amount of the unrecognised deferred tax liabilities for these undistributed earnings.
The Pillar Two legislations are neither enacted nor substantively enacted by Government of India, where the parent company is
incorporated. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted, or substantively enacted, in certain other jurisdictions where the Company
operates. However, the Company does not expect any material financial impact for the year ended March 31, 2026. In line with
amended Ind AS 12, the Company has not recognised deferred taxes related to Pillar Two income taxes and accordingly has
applied the mandatory exception as per the said standard.
22. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

The following table presents the changes in contract assets balance:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 9,815
I 12,941
-
I 9,815
I 12,944
Amount reclassified to receivables pertaining to fixed price development contracts
on completion of milestones
(8,737)
(8,952)
Increase due to revenue recognised during the year
6,274
5,823
I 7,352
I 9,815

The following table presents the changes in contract liabilities balance:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 15,162
I 14,265
-
I 15,162
I 14,317
Revenue recognised from opening balance of contract liabilities
(11,526)
(11,171)
15,193
12,016
I 18,829
I 15,162

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

B. Reconciliation of revenue

Reconciliation of revenue recognised with the contracted price as follows:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Contracted price
I 728,904
I 695,862
Reductions towards variable consideration components(1)
(15,453)
(10,112)
Revenue recognised in the statement of profit and loss
I 713,451
I 685,750

(1) Variable consideration comprises of volume discount, service level credits and liquidated damages.

C. Remaining performance obligations

recognised, which includes contract liabilities and amounts that will be invoiced and recognised as revenue in
future periods. Applying the practical expedient, the Company has not disclosed its right to consideration from
customers in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the Company s performance
completed to date, which are contracts invoiced on time and material basis and volume based.

As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, the aggregate amount of the Transaction Price allocated to remaining
performance obligations, other than those meeting the exclusion criteria above, were I 266,386 and I 223,292,
respectively, of which approximately 60% and 66%, respectively, is expected to be recognised as revenues within
two years, and the remainder thereafter. This includes contracts, with a substantive enforceable termination
penalty if the contract is terminated without cause by the customer, based on an overall assessment of the
contract carried out at the time of inception. Historically, customers have not terminated contracts without cause.

D. Disaggregation of revenue

The tables below present disaggregated revenue from contracts with customers by business segment and
nature of contract. The Company believes that the below disaggregation best depicts the nature, amount, timing
and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows from economic factors.

Revenue by nature of services
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 709,602
I 684,307
3,849
1,443
I 713,451
I 685,750

Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 374,187
I 381,864
335,415
302,443
Products
3,849
1,443
I 713,451
I 685,750

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
23. OTHER INCOME
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Interest income
I 25,512
I 24,674
Dividend income from investment in equity instruments of subsidaries
11,062
5,161
6,969
8,440
(72)
K 43,904
K 38,205
Foreign exchange gain/(loss), net on derivatives measured at FVTPL
I (4,664)
C (182)
Foreign exchange gain/(loss), net on investments measured at FVTPL
3,045
Other foreign exchange differences, net
4,791
Foreign exchange gain, net
K 3,172
K 560
Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment, net(1)
I 415
I 712
K 47,491
K 39,477
(1)Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment, net for the year ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, includes gain on transfer of
building of I 405 and gain on relinquishment of the lease hold rights of land, and transfer of building along with other assets of
I 885, respectively.
24. CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Stock at the beginning of the year
I 613
H 703
Less: Stock at the end of the year
Decrease during the year
I 148
H 90
25. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 365,644
I 364,236
19,291
14,776
Share-based compensation(1)
3,874
4,838
I 388,809
I 383,850

(1) Includes I Nil and I (9) for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, towards cash settled ADSs and RSUs.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

Defined benefit plan actuarial (gains)/losses recognised in other comprehensive income include:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 439
I (248)
(111)
(1,454)
(207)
(Gain)/loss on remeasurement of defined benefit plans, net
I (222)
I (316)

b) Gratuity and foreign pension:

Defined benefit plans include gratuity for employees drawing salary in Indian Rupees, pension and certain
benefits plans in foreign jurisdictions.

Amount recognised in the statement of profit and loss in respect of defined benefit plans is as follows:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 3,280
I 2,805
3,377
-
Net interest income on net defined benefit liability/(asset)
Net charge to the statement of profit and loss
I 6,804
I 2,819
I 659
I 1,353

Change in present value of defined benefit obligation is summarised below:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 18,042
I 14,828
-
1,116
Adjusted balance of defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the year
I 18,042
I 15,944
3,280
2,805
3,377
-
1,242
1,117
Benefits paid
(2,100)
(1,799)
Transfer in/(out), net

(111)

(1,454)
(207)
Translation adjustment
I 23,348
I 18,042

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

Change in plan assets is summarised below:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 17,072
I 15,717
1,098
1,105
Employer contributions
5,225
Benefits paid
(27)
(30)

(439)
Translation adjustment
I 23,063
I 17,072
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 23,348
I 18,042
23,063
17,072
(285)
(970)
(89)
(66)
Recognised liability
(374)
(1,036)

Change in effect of asset ceiling is summarised below:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 66
I 50
Translation adjustment
I 89
I 66

As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, plan assets were primarily invested in insurer managed funds.

The Company has established an income tax approved irrevocable trust fund to which IT regularly contributes to finance
the liabilities of the gratuity plan. The fund s investments are managed by certain insurance companies as per the
selection made by the trustees among the fund plan available.

As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Discount rate
6.38%
6.49%
6.38%
6.49%
7.67%
7.66%
5.27 years
5.65 years

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

The discount rate is primarily based on the prevailing market yields of government securities for the estimated
term of the obligations. The estimates of future salary increase considered takes into account the inflation,
seniority, promotion and other relevant factors. Attrition rate considered is the management s estimate, based
on previous years employee turnover of the Company.

The expected return on plan assets is based on expectation of the average long-term rate of return expected
on investments of the fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

I 3,315

I 4,101

3,589

3,242

2,977

2,625

Thereafter
18,027
Total
I 34,561
I 3,416

I 2,715

2,720

2,503

2,281

2,022

Thereafter
15,357
Total
I 27,598

The expected benefits are based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company s benefit obligations
as at March 31, 2026.

Sensitivity for significant actuarial assumptions is computed to show the movement in defined benefit obligation
by 1 percentage.

As at March 31, 2026, every 1 percentage point increase/(decrease) in discount rate will result in (decrease)/
increase of defined benefit obligation by approximately I (1,203) and I 1,319, respectively (March 31, 2025:
I (985) and I 1,096, respectively).

As at March 31, 2026, every 1 percentage point increase/(decrease) in expected rate of salary will result
in increase/(decrease) of defined benefit obligation by approximately I 1,388 and I (1,316), respectively
(March 31, 2025: I 1,055 and I (998), respectively).

The sensitivity analysis to significant actuarial assumptions may not be representative of the actual change
in the defined benefit obligations as the change in assumptions may not occur in isolation since some of the
assumptions may be correlated. Furthermore, in presenting the sensitivity analysis, the present value of the
defined benefit obligations has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting
period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognised in the
balance sheet.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 133,417
I 121,067
(133,417)
(121,067)
Net shortfall
I -
I -

The total expense for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 is I 7,058 and I 6,517, respectively.

The plan assets have been invested as per the regulations of Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO).

The principal assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of interest guarantee under the deterministic
approach are as follows:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
6.50%
6.55%
8.25%

The total expense for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 was I 5,576 and I 5,454, respectively.
26. FINANCE COSTS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Interest on borrowings
I 3,692
I 4,058
Interest on lease liabilities
1,072
Other finance costs
6,195
5,085
I 10,959
I 10,018
27. OTHER EXPENSES
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 3,458
I 3,420
2,729
Provision for diminution in value of investments in subsidiaries (Refer to Note 8)
(1,554)
Miscellaneous expenses/(income), net(1)
(2,062)
I 5,239
I 2,546
(1) Miscellaneous expenses/(income), net includes an insurance claim received of I 1,805 during the year ended March 31, 2025.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
28. EARNINGS PER EQUITY SHARE
A reconciliation of profit for the year and equity shares used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per equity
Basic: Basic earnings per equity share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
Company by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year, excluding equity shares
purchased by the Company and held as treasury shares.
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 121,296
I 109,131
10,476,247,846
10,456,741,552
I 11.59
I 10.44
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 121,296
I 109,131

10,476,247,846
10,456,741,552

27,175,090
32,197,840
Weighted average number of equity shares for diluted earnings per share
10,503,422,936
10,488,939,392
I 11.55
I 10.40
For the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, 1,586,275 and 1,294,623 options, respectively, were excluded from diluted
weighted-average number of equity shares calculation because their effect would have been anti-dilutive.
29. DIVIDENDS, BONUS ISSUE AND BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES
The Company declares and pays dividends in Indian Rupees. According to the Companies Act, 2013 any dividend should
be declared out of accumulated distributable profits. A company may, before the declaration of any dividend, transfer a
percentage of its profits for that financial year as IT may consider appropriate to the reserves.
The cash dividends paid per equity share were I 11 (I 5 declared on July 17, 2025 and I 6 declared on January 16, 2026)
and I 6, during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company concluded bonus issue in the ratio of 1:1 i.e. 1 (one) bonus equity share
of I 2 each for every 1 (one) fully paid-up equity shares held (including ADS holders) was approved by the shareholders
of the Company on November 21, 2024. Subsequently, on December 4, 2024, the Company allotted 5,232,094,402
equity shares (including ADS) to shareholders who held equity shares as on the record date of December 3, 2024. The
Company also allotted 1:1 bonus equity share on 1,274,805 equity shares (including ADS) under allotment as on the record
date. Consequently, I 10,467 (representing par value of I 2 per share) was transferred from capital redemption reserve,
securities premium and retained earnings to the share capital.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
30. ADDITIONAL CAPITAL DISCLOSURES
The key objective of the Company s capital management is to ensure that IT maintains a stable capital structure with the focus
on total equity to uphold investor, creditor, and customer confidence and to ensure future development of its business. The
Company s focus is on keeping a strong total equity base to ensure independence, security, as well as a high financial flexibility
for potential future borrowings, if required without impacting the risk profile of the Company.
The Company s goal is to continue to be able to return excess liquidity to shareholders by continuing to distribute annual dividends
in future periods. The amount of future dividends/buyback of equity shares will be balanced with efforts to continue to maintain
an adequate liquidity status.
The capital structure as at March 31, 2026 and 2025 was as follows:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
% Change
Total equity
I 636,797
I 634,874
0.3%
88.7%
89.3%
Current borrowings
I 61,500
I 60,500
19,361
15,791
Total borrowings and lease liabilities
I 80,861
I 76,291
6.0%
11.3%
10.7%
Total capital
I 717,658
I 711,165
0.9%
Borrowings represent 8.6% and 8.5% of total capital as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. The Company is not subjected
to any externally imposed capital requirements.
31. EMPLOYEE STOCK INCENTIVE PLANS
The stock compensation expense recognised for employee services received during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025,
were I 3,874 and I 4,838, respectively.
Wipro Equity Reward Trust ( WERT )
In 1984, the Company established a controlled trust called WERT. In previous years, WERT purchased shares of the Company out
of funds borrowed from the Company. The Company s Nomination and Remuneration Committee recommends to WERT certain
officers and key employees, to whom WERT issues shares from its holdings at nominal price subject to vesting conditions. WERT
held 11,905,480 and 11,905,480 treasury shares as of March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.
Wipro Employee Restricted Stock Unit Option Plans
Name of Plan
Range of
Wipro ADS Restricted Stock Unit Plan (WARSUP 2004 Plan)(1)
174,595,958
U.S.$ 0.03
Wipro Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2005 (WSRUP 2005 Plan)(1)
96,595,958
I 2
Wipro Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2007 (WSRUP 2007 Plan)(1)
67,663,302
I 2
Wipro Limited Employee Stock Options, Performance Stock Unit and/or Restricted Stock Unit
Scheme 2024 (Wipro 2024 Scheme)(1)
400,000,000
U.S.$ 0.03/I 2
(1) The maximum contractual term of these RSU option plans is perpetual until the options are available for grant under the plan.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Employees covered under the RSU options plans are granted an option to purchase shares of the Company at the
respective exercise prices, subject to requirements of vesting conditions. These options generally vest in tranches over
a period of one to three years from the date of grant. Upon vesting, the employees can acquire one equity share for every
option and can exercise within a period of twelve months from the vesting date of last tranche under the grant.
The activity in equity-settled RSU option plans is summarised below:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Number of
Number of
I 2
18,634,747
7,735,669
U.S.$ 0.03
36,956,579
18,851,226
Bonus on outstanding (Refer to Note 29)
I 2
-
10,749,111
U.S.$ 0.03
-
22,882,839
Granted
I 2
10,617,130
5,513,469
U.S.$ 0.03
23,259,750
15,030,302
Adjustment of Performance based stock options on
completion of performance measurement period
I 2
(1,841,526)
(331,920)
U.S.$ 0.03
(3,986,719)
(499,875)
Exercised
I 2
(5,293,789)
(3,731,212)
U.S.$ 0.03
(10,982,620)
(9,897,384)
I 2
(2,771,279)
(1,300,370)
U.S.$ 0.03
(8,303,933)
(9,410,529)
I 2
19,345,283
18,634,747
U.S.$ 0.03
36,943,057
36,956,579
I 2
2,010,308
1,996,731
U.S.$ 0.03
1,283,137
1,007,466
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Restricted Stock Units (RSU)
6,743,031
3,498,476
3,874,099
2,014,993
Total
10,617,130
5,513,469
ADS RSU
14,834,924
9,707,235
8,424,826
5,323,067
Total
23,259,750
15,030,302
(1) Numbers in above table are not given effect of bonus shares issued during the year ended March 31, 2025.
During the year ended March 31, 2026, RSU and ADS grants were issued under Wipro 2024 Scheme. Performance-based
stock options will vest based on the performance parameters of the Company.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
The activity in cash-settled RSU option plans is summarised below:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Number of
Number of
-
7,000
Exercised
-
(7,000)
-
The following table summarises information about outstanding RSU option plans:
Range of exercise price and Weighted average exercise price
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Number of
Weighted average
Number of
Weighted average

19,345,283
18,634,747
U.S.$
0.03
36,943,057
36,956,579
The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the years ended March 31, 2026, and 2025 was I 249.40
and I 454.58 for each option, respectively. The weighted average share price of options exercised during the years ended
March 31, 2026 and 2025 was I 246.01 and I 389.52 for each option, respectively.
32. RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIP AND TRANSACTIONS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of Incorporation
Holding
Attune Consulting India Private
India
100.00%
India
100.00%
China
8.96%
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SRL
Romania
^
Bangladesh
100.00%
Wipro IT Services UK Societas
100.00%
Capco Consulting Middle
East FZE(2)
UAE
100.00%
Designit A/S
Denmark
100.00%
Designit Denmark A/S
Denmark
100.00%
Designit Germany GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Designit Oslo A/S
Norway
100.00%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of Incorporation
Holding
Designit Spain Digital,
S.L.U
Spain
100.00%
Israel
100.00%
Wipro Bahrain Limited Co.
W.L.L
Bahrain
100.00%
Wipro Czech Republic IT
Services s.r.o.
Czech Republic
100.00%
Wipro CRM Services
Belgium
100.00%
Wipro 4C Consulting
France SAS
France
100.00%
Netherlands
100.00%
Wipro CRM Services ApS
Denmark
100.00%
Wipro CRM Services UK
100.00%
Grove Holdings 2 S.á.r.l
Luxembourg
100.00%
Capco Solution Services
GmbH
Germany
100.00%
The Capital Markets
Company Italy Srl
Italy
100.00%
Capco Brasil Serviços E
Consultoria Ltda
Brazil
99.99%
The Capital Markets
Company BV(1)
Belgium
100.00%
PT. WT Indonesia
Indonesia
99.60%
Rainbow Software LLC
Iraq
100.00%
Saudi Arabia
66.67%
Women s Business Park
Saudi Arabia
100.00%
Wipro Doha LLC
Qatar
100.00%
Wipro Financial
Outsourcing Services
100.00%
Wipro Gulf LLC
Sultanate of Oman
99.98%
Wipro Information
Technology Netherlands
BV.
Netherlands
100.00%
Wipro Gulf LLC
Sultanate of Oman
0.02%
Wipro Technologies SA
Argentina
2.62%
Thailand
0.03%
Wipro Technologies GmbH
Germany
14.87%
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas
De Informatica Ltda
Brazil
0.07%

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of Incorporation
Holding
Wipro do Brasil
Technologia Ltda(1)
Brazil
99.44%
Wipro Information
Technology Kazakhstan
LLP
Kazakhstan
100.00%
Wipro Outsourcing
Services (Ireland) Limited
Ireland
100.00%
Wipro Portugal S.A.(1)
Portugal
100.00%
Wipro Solutions Canada
Canada
100.00%
Wipro Technologies
Russia
99.99%
Wipro Technologies Peru
SAC
Peru
99.98%
Sociedad Anonima
Costa Rica
100.00%
Wipro Technology Chile
SPA
Chile
100.00%
Applied Value
Technologies B.V.
Netherlands
100.00%
Wipro IT Service Ukraine,
Ukraine
100.00%
Wipro IT Services Poland
SP Z.O.O
Poland
100.00%
Romania
100.00%
Wipro Regional
Headquarter
Saudi Arabia
100.00%
Wipro Technologies
Australia Pty Ltd
Australia
100.00%
Wipro Ampion Holdings
Pty Ltd(1)
Australia
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SA
Argentina
97.38%
Wipro Technologies SA
DE CV
Mexico
91.08%
Wipro Technologies
South Africa (Proprietary)
South Africa
69.42%
Wipro Technologies
Nigeria Limited
Nigeria
99.84%
Wipro Technologies SRL
Romania
100.00%
Thailand
99.97%
China
84.63%
Wipro Technologies
Nigeria Limited
Nigeria
0.16%
Wipro Technologies
Russia
0.01%
Wipro Technologies Peru
SAC
Peru
0.02%
Wipro Japan KK
Japan
100.00%
Singapore
100.00%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of Incorporation
Holding
Applied Value
Technologies Pte. Limited
Singapore
100.00%
China
91.04%
PT. WT Indonesia
Indonesia
0.40%
Thailand
^
China
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SDN
BHD
Malaysia
100.00%
Wipro (Tianjin) Limited(3)
China
100.00%
Philippines
100.00%
China
15.37%
India
100.00%
Wipro, LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SA
DE CV
Mexico
8.92%
Wipro Gallagher Solutions,
USA
100.00%
Wipro Insurance Solutions,
USA
100.00%
Wipro IT Services, LLC(8)
USA
100.00%
USA
60.00%
Edgile, LLC
USA
100.00%
HealthPlan Services, Inc.(1) USA
100.00%
Infocrossing, LLC
USA
100.00%
International TechneGroup
Incorporated(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro NextGen Enterprise
Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Rizing Intermediate
Holdings, Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Appirio, Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Designit Services,
Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Telecom Consulting
USA
100.00%
Wipro VLSI Design
Services, LLC
USA
100.00%
Applied Value
Technologies, Inc.
USA
100.00%
Wipro Business Services
LLC(10)
USA
100.00%
The Capital Markets
Company, LLC(1)(7)
USA
100.00%
Aggne Global IT Services
Private Limited
India
60.00%

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of Incorporation
Holding
USA
100.00%
Wipro Life Science
Solutions, LLC
USA
100.00%
(Formerly known as Harman
Connected Services, Inc.)(4)(5)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Connected
Services Mauritius Pvt.
Ltd. (Formerly known
as Harman Connected
Services Mauritius Pvt. Ltd.)
Mauritius
100.00%
Connected Services
Corporation Wipro India
Private Limited (Formerly
Connected Services
Corporation India Pvt. Ltd.)
India
98.40%
Connected Services
Corporation Wipro India
Private Limited (Formerly
Connected Services
Corporation India Pvt. Ltd.)
India
1.60%
Wipro Connected
Services Engineering
Corp. (Formerly known
as Harman Connected
Services Engineering
Corp.)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Connected Services
UK Limited (Formerly
Connected Services UK
Limited)
UK
100.00%
Harman Connected
Services Morocco
Morocco
100.00%
Wipro Connected Services
US Midco LLC (Formerly
Connected Services US
Midco LLC)
USA
100.00%
Harman Connected
Services AB(1)
Sweden
100.00%
The Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership
Scheme Trust
Wipro SA Broad Based
Ownership Scheme SPV
(RF) (PTY) LTD
100.00%
Wipro Technologies
South Africa (Proprietary)
South Africa
30.58%
The Company controls The Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership Scheme Trust , Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership Scheme SPV (RF) (PTY) LTD' incorporated in
South Africa and Wipro Foundation in India.
(2) Grove Holdings 2 S.á.r.l. has transferred its entire shareholding in Capco Consulting Middle East FZE to Wipro IT Services UK Societas, effective September
19, 2025.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
(3) Wipro (Tianjin) Limited has been incorporated with effect from May 23, 2025, which is 100% held by Wipro Networks Pte Limited.
(4) The Company, through its subsidiaries, has acquired 100% shareholding in Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly known as Harman Connected
Services, Inc.) and its subsidiaries, effective December 1, 2025.
(5) Wipro Digital Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary, has merged with Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly known as Harman Connected Services, Inc.),
a step-down subsidiary, effective December 1, 2025.
(6) Cardinal US Holdings, Inc transferred its entire ownership in Capco Consulting Services LLC to The Capital Markets Company, LLC effective
March 30, 2026.
(9) Rizing Consulting USA, LLC (Formerly known as Rizing Consulting USA, Inc.) merged with Rizing LLC effective March 31, 2026.
(10) Wipro Business Services LLC has been incorporated as a step down subsidiary of the Company with effect from January 20, 2026, which is 100%
held by Wipro, LLC.
(1) Step Subsidiary details of The Capital Markets Company LLC, HealthPlan Services, Inc., International TechneGroup Incorporated, Wipro NextGen
Enterprise Inc., Rizing Intermediate Holdings, Inc., The Capital Markets Company BV, Wipro Ampion Holdings Pty Ltd, Wipro Appirio, Inc., Wipro Designit
Services, Inc., Wipro do Brasil Technologia Ltda, Wipro Portugal S.A. and Harman Connected Services AB are as follows
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of Incorporation
Holding
USA
Capco Consulting
Services LLC(6)
USA
100.00%
USA
HealthPlan Services
Insurance Agency, LLC
USA
100.00%
International TechneGroup
Incorporated
USA
International
TechneGroup Ltd.
100.00%
Israel
100.00%
Italy
100.00%
USA
LeanSwift AB
Sweden
100.00%
Rizing Intermediate Holdings, Inc.
USA
Rizing Lanka (Private)
Sri Lanka
100.00%
Attune Netherlands
B.V. (11)
Netherlands
100.00%
Rizing Solutions Canada
Canada
100.00%
Rizing LLC(9)
USA
100.00%
Netherlands
100.00%
Rizing Consulting
Ireland Limited
Ireland
100.00%

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of Incorporation
Holding
Australia
100.00%
Rizing Geospatial LLC
USA
100.00%
Rizing GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Rizing Pte Ltd. (11)
Singapore
100.00%
The Capital Markets Company BV

Belgium
CapAfric Consulting (Pty)
South Africa
100.00%

Capco Belgium BV

Belgium
100.00%
The Capital Markets
Company s.r.o
Slovakia
15.00%
Capco Consultancy
Thailand
0.04%
Capco Consultancy
(Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd
Malaysia
100.00%
Capco Consultancy
Thailand
99.92%
Capco Consulting
Singapore Pte. Ltd
Singapore
100.00%
Capco Greece Single
Member P.C
Greece
100.00%
Poland
100.00%
The Capital Markets
Company (UK) Ltd
100.00%
Capco Consultancy
Thailand
0.04%
The Capital Markets
Hong Kong
0.01%
The Capital Markets
Company GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Capco Austria GmbH
Austria
100.00%
The Capital Markets
Hong Kong
99.99%
The Capital Markets
Canada
100.00%

Capco Brasil Serviços E
Consultoria Ltda
Brazil
0.01%
The Capital Markets
Company S.á.r.l
Switzerland
100.00%
Andrion AG
Switzerland
100.00%
The Capital Markets
Company S.A.S
France
100.00%
The Capital Markets
Company s.r.o
Slovakia
85.00%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of Incorporation
Holding
Australia
Wipro Revolution IT Pty
Australia
100.00%
Wipro Shelde Australia
Pty Ltd
Australia
100.00%
USA
Wipro Appirio (Ireland)
Ireland
100.00%
Wipro Appirio UK Limited U.K.
100.00%
Topcoder, LLC
USA
100.00%
USA
Wipro Designit Services
Ireland
100.00%
Wipro do Brasil Technologia Ltda
Brazil
Wipro do Brasil Servicos
Ltda
Brazil
100.00%
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas
De Informatica Ltda
Brazil
96.84%

Portugal
Wipro do Brasil
Technologia Ltda
Brazil
0.56%
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas
De Informatica Ltda
Brazil
3.09%

Wipro Technologies
GmbH

Germany
85.13%
Wipro Business
Solutions GmbH (11)
Germany
100.00%
Wipro IT Services Austria
GmbH
Austria
100.00%
Harman Connected Services AB
Sweden
Harman Connected
Services Solutions
(Chengdu) Co. Ltd.
China
100.00%
(11) Step Subsidiary details of Attune Netherlands B.V., Rizing Pte Ltd. and Wipro Business Solutions GmbH are as follows:
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of Incorporation
Holding
Netherlands
Rizing Germany GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Attune Italia S.R.L
Italy
100.00%
Singapore
New Zealand
100.00%
Philippines
100.00%
Rizing SDN BHD
Malaysia
100.00%
Australia
100.00%
Wipro Business Solutions GmbH
Germany
Wipro Technology
Solutions S.R.L
Romania
100.00%

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2026, Wipro, LLC held 43.7% interest in Drivestream Inc., incorporated in the USA, and Wipro IT Services LLC held
27% interest in SDVerse LLC, incorporated in the USA, accounted for using the equity method.
Wipro Equity Reward Trust
India
Wipro Foundation
India
Vide the order dated June 06, 2025, the Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru bench, approved the scheme of
amalgamation for the merger of wholly owned subsidiaries Wipro HR Services India Private Limited, Wipro Overseas IT Services
Private Limited, Wipro Technology Product Services Private Limited, Wipro Trademarks Holding Limited and Wipro VLSI Design
Nature
Azim Premji Foundation
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji Foundation for Development
Entity controlled by Promoters
Hasham Traders
Entity controlled by Promoters
Prazim Traders
Entity controlled by Promoters
Zash Traders
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities Fund I
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities Fund II
Entity controlled by Promoters
Apex Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Private Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Investment Fund
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pl International Holdings LLC
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji Education Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Napean Opportunities LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Investment Advisory LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Nature
WEPL Family Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Wipro Enterprises (P) Limited and its subsidiaries
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji University
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities Fund I Scheme II
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities AIF V LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
Vidyaniti LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Investment Fund Scheme II
Entity controlled by Promoters
Tariq Azim Premji Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Independent Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Joint Venture between Wipro Enterprises (P) Limited and
General Electric
Wipro Information Technology Limited Provident Fund Trust
Wipro Systems Provident Fund Trust
Wipro Limited Management Employees Pension Fund
Wipro Limited BPO Division Employees Superannuation Trust
Wipro Infotech Limited Management Employees Pension Fund
Wipro Limited Employees Superannuation Fund
Wipro Limited Employees Gratuity Fund
Wipro Limited BPO Division Employees Gratuity Trust

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Nature
Azim H. Premji
Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director (designated
as Founder Chairman )(1)
Rishad A. Premji
Chairman of the Board (designated as Executive
Chairman )
Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Aparna C. Iyer
Chief Financial Officer
Päivi Rekonen
Independent Director
N. S. Kannan
Independent Director
Dr. Patrick J. Ennis
Independent Director(2)
Patrick Dupuis
Independent Director(2)
Laura Marie Miller
Independent Director(3)
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Independent Director
Tulsi Naidu
Independent Director
M. Sanaulla Khan
Company Secretary
(2) Dr. Patrick J. Ennis and Mr. Patrick Dupuis retired from their positions as Independent Directors of the Company with effect from the close of business hours
on March 31, 2026.
(3) On March 5, 2026, the Board of Directors approved the appointment of Ms. Laura Marie Miller as an Additional Director in the capacity of Independent Director
for a term of five years, with effect from April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2031, subject to the approval of the Members of the Company. The appointment was
approved by the Members of the Company vide special resolution dated May 21, 2026, passed through postal ballot by e-voting.
Close members of Key management personnel:
Yasmeen A. Premji
Tariq A. Premji
Aditi Mehta Premji
Avita Hazarika

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Subsidiaries/
Trusts
Entities
Promoters
Key
Associate/
Joint venture of
Other related
Transaction for the year ended
March 31, 2026
I 112,992
I 358
I -
I 7
I -
Purchase of goods and services
60,455
-
equipments purchased
-
equipments sold
-
Dividend paid(1)
-
78,692
5,097
-
Dividend received
11,062
-
Commission paid
1,450
-
Rent paid
-
Rental income
-
Sale of investments
-
Advance paid
-
Others(2)
7,771
-
Bad debt written off
-
Corporate guarantee given
10,887
-
Corporate guarantee
commission
-
Contribution to post employment
-
7,058
Contribution to Gratuity trust
-
5,220
Investment in wholly owned
33,548
-
Key management personnel(3)
Remuneration and short-term
benefits(4)
I -
I -
I 525
I -
I -
Other benefits(5)
-
Balance as at March 31, 2026
Receivables
I 14,492
I 264
I -
I -
I -
Less: Provision for expected
-
Net Receivables
13,665
-
Payables
18,479
-

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Subsidiaries/
Trusts
Entities controlled
Promoters
Key management
Associate/
Joint venture of
Other related
Transaction for the year ended
March 31, 2025
I 111,448
I 305
I -
I -
I -
Purchase of goods and services
51,201
-
equipments purchased
-
equipments sold
-
Dividend paid(1)
-
42,923
2,780
-
Dividend received
5,161
-
Commission paid
1,532
-
Rent paid
-
Rental income
-
Others(2)
7,895
-
Interest expense
-
Corporate guarantee commission
-
Contribution to post employment
-
6,517
Investment in wholly owned
-
Key management personnel(3)
Remuneration and short-term
benefits(4)
I -
I -
I 619
I -
I -
Other benefits(5)
-
Balance as at March 31, 2025
Receivables
I 9,268
I 181
I -
I-
I -
Less: Provision for expected
-
Net Receivables
8,407
-
Payables
26,744
-
(1) Includes close members of key management personnel.
(2) Others includes reimbursement.
(3) Post-employment benefits and other long-term benefits including compensated absences are not disclosed, as these are determined for the Company as a
whole based on actuarial valuation.
(4) Remuneration and short-term benefits includes sitting fees and commission paid to non-executive directors, non-independent directors, and independent
directors.
(5) Other benefits include I 272 and I 284 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, towards amortisation of RSUs granted to key management
personnel, which vest over a period of time. This also includes RSU s that will vest based on performance parameters of the Company.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
The following are the significant related party transactions during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Sale of goods and services to subsidiaries/trusts

Wipro, LLC
I 83,678
I 80,394

4,019
5,893

Wipro Technologies GmbH
2,551
2,910

Wipro Gallagher Solutions, LLC
2,432
2,957

2,150
2,361

Infocrossing, LLC
2,081
2,004

Wipro Japan KK
1,760
1,771

1,395

1,281
1,432

1,121

1,004

Wipro do Brasil Technologia Ltda

1,153

Wipro Technologies SA DE CV
1,351

Wipro IT Services UK Societas

The Capital Markets Company, LLC

1,188

Wipro Doha LLC

International TechneGroup Incorporated

Rizing Consulting USA, LLC

Rizing Germany Gmbh

Wipro IT Services Austria GmbH

Edgile, LLC

The Capital Markets Company GmbH

Women s Business Park Technologies Limited

Wipro IT Services Poland SP Z.O.O

Wipro Technologies SDN BHD

Rizing LLC

Wipro Bahrain Limited Co. W.L.L

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025

PT. WT Indonesia

The Capital Markets Company Limited (Canada)

-

Wipro Gulf LLC

Rizing Geospatial LLC

^

Rizing SDN BHD
^

Wipro Telecom Consulting LLC
-
Sale of goods and services to entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters

I 348
I 269

Sale of goods and services to Associate/Joint venture of subsidiaries

SDVerse LLC
I 7
I -
Purchase of goods and services from subsidiaries/trusts

Wipro Technologies GmbH
I 6,902
I 6,151

Wipro Insurance Solutions, LLC
4,997
4,434

3,907
3,226

Wipro Business Solutions GmbH
3,820
3,458

Wipro Technologies SA DE CV
3,520
3,958

Wipro, LLC
3,213
2,100

3,142
3,541

Wipro Technologies SRL
2,847
2,746

Wipro IT Services Poland SP Z.O.O
2,596
2,769

2,501
1,433

1,969
1,954

1,796
1,040

Wipro do Brasil Technologia Ltda
1,648
2,436

Wipro Technology Solutions S.R.L
1,478
1,445

1,343

1,035

The Capital Markets Company, LLC

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025

Edgile, LLC

Rizing LLC

-

Wipro Telecom Consulting LLC

Designit Denmark A/S

Wipro Technologies W.T. Sociedad Anonima

Designit Spain Digital, S.L.U
-

International TechneGroup Incorporated

Rizing Consulting USA, LLC

Designit Oslo A/S

Applied Value Technologies Pte. Limited
-

Designit Germany GmbH

Rizing SDN BHD

The Capital Markets Company Limited (Hong Kong)

The Capital Markets Company S.á.r.l

Wipro Japan KK

The Capital Markets Company S.A.S
-

Wipro VLSI Design Services, LLC

-

Wipro Regional Headquarter
-

Wipro Gallagher Solutions, LLC

Wipro CRM Services ApS

Wipro Technologies SA

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025

Wipro CRM Services

Rizing Germany Gmbh

Wipro 4C Consulting France SAS

Wipro IT Services UK Societas

The Capital Markets Company GmbH

-

Capco RISC Consulting LLC
-

-
Purchase of goods and services from entities controlled by/with significant
influence of Promoters

Wipro Pari GmbH
I 88
I 409

-

-

-
Items of property, plant and equipments purchased from Subsidiaries / Trusts

Wipro Business Solutions GmbH
I 7
I -
Items of property, plant and equipments purchased from entities controlled by/with
significant influence of Promoters

I 142
I 155

-
Items of property, plant and equipments sold to subsidiaries/trusts

I 1
I -

Wipro IT Services UK Societas
-

-

-
Dividend paid to entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters

Zash Traders
I 24,224
I 12,487

Prazim Traders
23,763
12,248

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025

Hasham Traders
20,755
10,607

Azim Premji Trust
7,484
6,379

2,131
1,020

Dividend paid to Key management personnel

Azim H. Premji
I 4,743
I 2,587

Rishad A. Premji

Tariq A. Premji

Yasmeen A. Premji

Srinivas Pallia

Aparna C. Iyer
^

M. Sanaulla Khan
^

Dividend received from subsidiaries/trusts

Wipro IT Services UK Societas
I 8,519
I 4,288

1,580
-

-

Wipro Japan KK
-
Commission paid to subsidiaries/trusts

Wipro Technologies Gmbh
I 1,107
I 1,115

Wipro Japan KK

^
Rent paid to subsidiaries/trusts

Wipro IT Services UK Societas
I 162
I 22

Wipro, LLC

Wipro Japan KK

Designit Oslo A/S

The Capital Markets Company Limited (Canada)

Wipro IT Services Austria GmbH

Designit Denmark A/S

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025

The Capital Markets Company Limited (Hong Kong)

-

Designit A/S
-
Rent paid to Key management personnel

Azim H. Premji
I 12
I 12
Rental income from subsidiaries/trusts

I 154
I 146

The Capital Markets Company S.A.S
-

Wipro, LLC

Designit Denmark A/S
-

Wipro Technologies GmbH
-

Rizing SDN BHD

Capco Consultancy (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd

Wipro VLSI Design Services, LLC

Wipro Business Solutions GmbH
-

Capco Consulting Middle East FZE
-

Wipro Gallagher Solutions, LLC
-

Wipro 4C Consulting France SAS

-

-
Rental income from entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters

I 6
I 7

PI Investment Advisory LLP
-
Sale of investments to Associate/Joint venture of subsidiaries

I 181
I -
Advances paid to entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters

I 50
I -
Others transactions with subsidiaries/trusts

Wipro, LLC
I 1,935
I 2,161

1,856
1,135

Infocrossing, LLC
1,051

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025

The Capital Markets Company, LLC

Wipro Gallagher Solutions, LLC

Rizing LLC

Capco Consulting Services LLC

Wipro Technologies SA DE CV

International TechneGroup Incorporated

Wipro Technologies SRL

Edgile, LLC

Wipro Technologies GmbH

Wipro IT Services UK Societas
(13)

Wipro Telecom Consulting LLC

Wipro IT Services Poland SP Z.O.O

Wipro Insurance Solutions, LLC

Rizing Consulting USA, LLC

(41)

Wipro Regional Headquarter

(13)

(20)

The Capital Markets Company S.A.S
(7)

Rizing Geospatial LLC

Wipro IT Services, LLC

Cardinal US Holdings, Inc.

The Capital Markets Company Limited (Canada)

The Capital Markets Company S.á.r.l

LeanSwift AB
-

Capco RISC Consulting LLC
-

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025

The Capital Markets Company s.r.o
(75)
-

(153)

(182)
1,169

(1,901)
(1,578)
Others transactions with entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters

I 8
I 9

Azim Premji Foundation

Azim Premji Education Trust
^

PI Investment Advisory LLP
-
^
Interest paid to subsidiaries/trusts

Wipro IT Services UK Societas
I -
I 1
Bad Debt Written off of subsidiaries/Trust

I 890
I -
Corporate guarantee given to subsidiaries/Trust

Wipro Technologies Gmbh
I 10,887
I -
Corporate guarantee commission from subsidiaries/trusts

Wipro IT Services, LLC
I 176
I 167

Wipro, LLC

Wipro Technologies GmbH

Wipro Systems Provident Fund Trust
I 7,058
I 6,517
Contribution to Gratuity trust

Wipro Limited Employees Gratuity Fund
I 5,220
I -
Investment in wholly owned subsidiary

Wipro, LLC
I 33,548
I -

-

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Remuneration paid to Key management personnel

Azim H. Premji(1)
I 11
I 11

Rishad A. Premji

Srinivas Pallia

Aparna C. Iyer

Patrick Dupuis(2)

Tulsi Naidu(2)

M. Sanaulla Khan

Dr. Patrick J. Ennis(2)

Deepak M. Satwalekar(2)

Paivi Rekonen(2)

N. S. Kannan(2)

Receivables from subsidiaries/trusts

Wipro, LLC
I 6,320
I -

1,447
-

3,260

1,421

Wipro Japan KK

Infocrossing, LLC

-

The Capital Markets Company, LLC

Wipro Gallagher Solutions, LLC

Capco Consulting Services LLC

Women s Business Park Technologies Limited

Wipro IT Services UK Societas
-

-

Wipro Doha LLC
-

HealthPlan Services Insurance Agency, LLC
-

The Capital Markets Company GmbH

Rizing Consulting USA, LLC

International TechneGroup Incorporated

Rizing SDN BHD

Wipro IT Services, LLC

Wipro IT Services Austria GmbH
-

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025

Wipro Technologies SDN BHD

Wipro Gulf LLC

-

-

-
Payable to subsidiaries/trusts

Wipro Business Solutions GmbH
I 4,799
I 3,762

3,099
3,007

Wipro Technologies GmbH
2,298
1,312

Wipro IT Services Poland SP Z.O.O
1,282
1,897

-

Wipro Insurance Solutions, LLC

Wipro Technologies SRL

Wipro Technology Solutions S.R.L

Wipro Technologies W.T. Sociedad Anonima

Wipro Technologies SA DE CV
-

Rizing LLC

Wipro do Brasil Technologia Ltda
1,580

-

The Capital Markets Company S.á.r.l
-

Edgile, LLC

Wipro Technologies SA

-

The Capital Markets Company Limited (Hong Kong)

The Capital Markets Company s.r.o
-

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025

-

-

Wipro Telecom Consulting LLC

Designit Denmark A/S

Wipro, LLC
-
9,275

Wipro Doha LLC
-

-

-

-
Receivables from entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters

I 228
I 148

-

PI Investment Advisory LLP

Azim Premji Foundation

-

-
Payable to key management personnel

Azim H. Premji
I 3
I 3

Rishad A. Premji

Srinivas Pallia

Aparna C. Iyer

M. Sanaulla Khan

Päivi Rekonen

Dr. Patrick J. Ennis

Patrick Dupuis

Deepak M. Satwalekar

Tulsi Naidu

N. S. Kannan
Number of bonus shares issued to key management personnel

Azim H. Premji
-
215,578,357

Rishad A. Premji
-
6,768,891

Tariq A. Premji
-
6,619,215

Srinivas Pallia
-
100,000

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025

Aparna C. Iyer
-
16,751

M. Sanaulla Khan
-
20,200

Yasmeen A. Premji
-
2,559,378
Number of bonus shares issued to entities controlled by/with significant influence of
Promoters

Zash Traders
-
1,040,566,791

Hasham Traders
-
883,913,365

Prazim Traders
-
1,020,648,973

Azim Premji Trust
-
531,592,983

-
1,355,953

-
84,954,128

-
13,862,415
(1) Includes sitting fees and commission paid to Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director.
(2) Includes sitting fees and commission paid to Independent Directors.
All related party transactions were entered at an arm s length basis and in the ordinary course of business. There are no materially
significant related party transactions made by the Company with promoters, directors or key management personnel, which may
have a potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
33. ANALYTICAL RATIOS
Ratio
Measured In
Numerator
Denominator
March
31, 2026
March
31, 2025
Variance
Current ratio
Current assets
Current
2.42
2.72
(11.03)%
Debt-equity ratio
Debt(1)
Total equity
0.13
0.12
8.33%
Debt service coverage
ratio
Earnings available
for debt service(2)
Debt service(3)
0.66
0.75
(12.00)%
Return on equity
%
Average total
19.08%
17.93%
1.15%
Inventory turnover
ratio(5)
Average
inventory
7.06
2.14
229.91%
Trade receivable
turnover ratio
Revenue from
Average trade
8.04
8.26
(2.66)%
Trade payables
turnover ratio
Purchase of
technical services,
software licenses
and other expenses
Average trade
payables
2.84
2.69
5.58%
Net capital turnover
ratio
Revenue from
Average
working capital
1.90
0.00%
Net profit ratio
%
Revenue from
17.00%
15.91%
1.09%
Return on capital
employed
%
Earnings before
interest and tax
Capital
employed(4)
23.91%
22.13%
1.78%
Return on investment
%
Income generated
from investments
Time weighted
average
7.33%
8.02%
(0.69)%

(1) Debt consists of borrowings and lease liabilities.

(2) Profit for the year, adjusted for non cash operating expenses, finance costs and other expenses such as provision for diminution in value of
investments in subsidiaries and loss on sale of property, plant and equipment.

(3) Debt service consists of gross repayment of borrowings, lease liabilities and interest and finance costs paid.

(4) Capital employed consists of tangible net worth, borrowings, lease liabilities and deferred tax liabilities.

(5) Increase in inventory turnover ratio is due to increase in product revenue during the year ended March 31, 2026
34. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Capital commitments: As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, the Company had committed to spend approximately I 8,990
and I 8,266, respectively, under agreements to purchase/construct property and equipment. These amounts are
net of capital advances paid in respect of these purchases. Refer to Note 8 for uncalled capital commitments on
investment in equity instruments.

Contingent liabilities to the extent not provided for:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Guarantees given by the banks on behalf of the Company
I 10,197
I 10,472
Guarantees given by the Company on behalf of subsidiaries
74,635
67,300

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements

Contingencies and lawsuits:

The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims resulting from tax assessment orders/penalty notices issued under
the Income Tax Act, 1961, which have arisen in the ordinary course of its business. Some of the claims involve complex
issues and IT is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the expected financial effect, if any, that will result from ultimate
resolution of such proceedings. However, the resolution of these legal proceedings is not likely to have a material and adverse
effect on the results of operations or the financial position of the Company.

The Company s assessments are completed for the years up to March 31, 2022. The Company has received demands on
multiple tax issues. These claims are primarily arising out of denial of deduction under section 10A of the Income Tax Act,
1961 in respect of profit earned by the Company s undertaking in Software Technology Park at Bengaluru, the appeals filed
against the said demand before the appellate authorities have been allowed in favor of the Company by the second appellate
authority for the years up to March 31, 2008 which either has been or may be contested by the Income tax authorities before
the Supreme Court of India. Other claims relate to disallowance of tax benefits on profits earned from Software Technology
Park and Special Economic Zone units, capitalisation of research and development expenses, transfer pricing adjustments
on intercompany/inter unit transactions and other issues.

Income tax claims against the Company amounting to I 103,344 and I 99,291 are not acknowledged as debt as at March 31,
2026 and 2025, respectively. These matters are pending before various appellate authorities and the management expects
its position will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
position and results of operations.

The contingent liability in respect of disputed demands for excise duty, custom duty, sales tax and other matters amounting
to I 20,447 and I 19,292 as of March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. However, the resolution of these disputed demands
is not likely to have a material and adverse effect on the results of operations or the financial position of the Company.
35. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Gross amount required to be spent by the Company is I 2,042 and I 1,973 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and
Amount spent during the year on:
In Cash
Yet to be
paid in Cash
Total
Construction/acquisition of any asset
I -
I -
I -
On purposes other than above (i) above
2,238
2,274
Total amount spent during the year
I 2,238
I 36
I 2,274
In Cash
Yet to be
paid in Cash
Total
(i) Construction/acquisition of any asset
I -
I -
I -
(ii) On purposes other than above (i) above
2,009
2,055
Total amount spent during the year
I 2,009
I 46
I 2,055

During the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, the Company contributed I 513 and I 416 respectively, to Wipro
Foundation a trust controlled by the Company.

There is no shortfall out of the amount required to be spent by the Company during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

The nature of corporate social responsibility activities undertaken by the Company for the years ended March 31, 2026
and 2025 includes systemic reforms in education, access to education for the under privileged as well as children
with disabilities, sustainability education, higher education skill building, sustainability initiatives and healthcare.
36. PAYMENTS TO THE AUDITOR
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Auditors' remuneration

Audit fees
I 102
I 99

Other services

Out of pocket expenses
I 136
I 135
37. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company publishes these standalone financial statements along with the consolidated financial statements.
In accordance with Ind AS 108, Operating Segments, the Company has disclosed the segment information in the
38. Vide its order dated June 06, 2025, the Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru bench, approved the
scheme of amalgamation for the merger of wholly owned subsidiaries Wipro HR Services India Private Limited,
Wipro Overseas IT Services Private Limited, Wipro Technology Product Services Private Limited, Wipro Trademarks
Holding Limited and Wipro VLSI Design Services India Private Limited with Wipro Limited. As per the said scheme,
the appointed date is April 1, 2025. The Scheme has been accounted for under the "Pooling of Interests Method"
as prescribed under Appendix C of Ind AS 103, Business Combinations as per the terms of the court order. Prior
period numbers have been restated to give effect as if this merger had occurred from the beginning of the preceding
period in the financial statements i.e. April 1, 2024.

Accordingly, the carrying value of assets, liabilities and reserves pertaining to these entities as appearing in the
consolidated financials statements of Wipro Limited has been recognised in the standalone financial statements of
Wipro Limited on account of merger effective April 1, 2024.
39. On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified four labour codes (the Labour Codes ), effective
immediately, replacing the existing 29 labour laws. In accordance with Ind AS 19, employee benefits and changes to
employee benefit plans arising from legislative amendments are treated as plan amendments, requiring immediate
recognition of past service cost in the Statement of Profit and Loss. This approach is consistent with the guidance

The Company has concluded the salary restructuring exercise in compliance with the Labour Codes. The
implementation of the Labour Codes has resulted in a net increase of I 2,562 in the provision for gratuity and
remeasurement of leave encashment, which has been recognised as employee benefit expense in the current year.
The Company continues to monitor the finalisation of Central and State Rules, as well as Government clarifications
on other aspects of the Labour Codes.

Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
40. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On April 16, 2026, the Company s Board of Directors approved a proposal to buyback of equity shares, subject to the
approval of shareholders, for purchase by the Company of up to 600,000,000 equity shares of I 2 each (being 5.7% of total
number of equity shares) from the shareholders of the Company on a proportionate basis by way of a tender offer at a price
of I 250 per equity share for an aggregate amount not exceeding I 150,000, in accordance with the provisions contained in
the SEBI (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended and the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder.
This proposal was approved by the shareholders of the Company by way of a special resolution dated May 21, 2026, passed
through postal ballot by e-voting.
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.: 117366W/W - 100018
Rishad A. Premji
Chairman
(DIN: 02983899)
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Director
(DIN: 00009627)
Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Anand Subramanian
Partner
Membership No.: 110815
Aparna C. Iyer
Chief Financial Officer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Company Secretary
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Independent Auditor s Report
To The Members of Wipro Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
OPINION
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of Wipro
Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries, (the Company and its subsidiaries
together referred to as the Group ) which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026, and the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss including
Other Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and
the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date, and notes
to the financial statements, including a summary of material accounting policies and
other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations
given to us, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements give the information
required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act ) in the manner so required and give
a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in
India, including Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act, of the consolidated state
of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2026, and IT s consolidated profit, consolidated
other comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash
flows for the year ended on that date.
BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance
with the Standards on Auditing ( SA s) specified under section 143 (10) of the Act.
Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor s
Responsibility for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of
our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) together with the
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements
and the ICAI s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Consolidated
KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is a matter that, in our professional judgment, is of most significance
in our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period. This matter
was addressed in the context of our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on this matter. We have determined the matter described below to be the key
audit matter to be communicated in our report.

completion method - Refer Notes 2 (iii)(a), 3(xiv)B(i) and 22 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matter Description
Group to determine the project costs incurred to date as a
percentage of total estimated project costs at completion. The
estimation of total project costs involves significant judgement
and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect
any changes based on the latest available information. In
addition, provisions for estimated losses, if any, on uncompleted
contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses
become probable based on the total estimated project costs.
where the percentage-of-completion method is used as a key
audit matter because of the significant judgement involved in
estimating the efforts to complete such contracts.
the total estimated efforts used to recognise revenue from fixed-
How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to estimates of efforts to complete
unauthorised changes to recording of efforts incurred.
Read the contract and based on the terms and conditions
evaluated whether recognizing revenue over time using
percentage-of-completion method was appropriate, and
confirmed that the contract was included in management s
calculation of revenue over time.
methodologies to estimate progress towards satisfying the
performance obligation.
Compared efforts incurred to date with Company s estimate
of efforts incurred to date to identify significant variations and
evaluate whether those variations have been considered
appropriately in estimating the remaining efforts to complete
Tested the estimate for consistency with the status of
delivery of milestones, customer acceptances and other
related information to identify possible delays in achieving
milestones, which require changes in estimated efforts to
complete the remaining performance obligations.
INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
AUDITOR S REPORT THEREON
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the
other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Management Discussion and
Analysis, Board s report including Annexures to Board s
report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
and Corporate Governance Report, but does not include
the Consolidated Financial Statements, standalone financial
statements and our auditor s report thereon.
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does
not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements or
our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.
RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT
AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The Company s Board of Directors is responsible for the
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to
the preparation of these consolidated financial statements
that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position, consolidated financial performance including other
comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity
and consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India,
including Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act. The
respective Board of Directors of the companies included
in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of
the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities;
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies;
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and
prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of
adequate internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and
presentation of the financial statements that give a true and
fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose
of preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements by
the Directors of the Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the
respective Management and Board of Directors of the
companies included in the Group are responsible for
assessing the ability of the respective entities to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the respective Board of Directors either
intend to liquidate their respective entities or to cease
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies
included in the Group are also responsible for overseeing
the financial reporting process of the Group.
AUDITOR S RESPONSIBILITY FOR
THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when IT
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement
of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under
section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for
expressing our opinion on whether the Company and
its subsidiary companies incorporated in India, has
adequate internal financial controls with reference to
Consolidated Financial Statements in place and the
operating effectiveness of such controls.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
and related disclosures made by the management.
Conclude on the appropriateness of management s use
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group to

continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
auditor s report to the related disclosures in the Consolidated
Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor s
report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content
of the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Financial
Statements represent the underlying transactions and
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
financial information of the entities or business activities
within the Group to express an opinion on the Consolidated
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the
Consolidated Financial Statements that, individually or in
aggregate, makes IT probable that the economic decisions of a
reasonably knowledgeable user of the Consolidated Financial
Statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative
materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of
our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and
(ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the
We communicate with those charged with governance of the
Company and such other entities included in the Consolidated
Financial Statements of which we are the independent auditors
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any
significant deficiencies in internal financial controls that we
identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate
with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with
governance, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.
REPORT
ON
OTHER
LEGAL
AND
REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
1.
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our
audit we report that:

We have sought and obtained all the information and
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit
of the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements.

In our opinion, proper books of account as required
by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid
Consolidated Financial Statements have been
kept so far as IT appears from our examination of
those books.

The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated
Statement of Profit and Loss including Other
Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report
are in agreement with the relevant books of account
maintained for the purpose of preparation of the

In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial
Statements comply with the Ind AS specified under
Section 133 of the Act.

On the basis of the written representations received
from the directors of the Company as on March 31,
2026 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the
Company and the reports of the statutory auditors of
its subsidiary companies incorporated in India, none
of the directors of the Group companies incorporated
in India is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164
(2) of the Act.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

With respect to the adequacy of the internal
financial controls with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements and the operating
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our
separate Report in Annexure A which is based
on the auditors reports of the company and its
subsidiary companies, incorporated in India. Our
report expresses an unmodified opinion on the
adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal
financial controls with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements of those companies.

in the Auditor s Report in accordance with the
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as
amended, in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations
given to us, the remuneration paid by the
Company to its directors during the year is in
accordance with the provisions of section 197 of
the Act.

in the Auditor s Report in accordance with Rule
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014, as amended in our opinion and to the
best of our information and according to the
explanations given to us:

The Consolidated Financial Statements
disclose the impact of pending litigations
on the consolidated financial position of the
Group - Refer Note 34 to the Consolidated

Provision has been made in the Consolidated
Financial Statements, as required
under the applicable law or accounting
standards, for material foreseeable losses,
if any, on long-term contracts including
derivative contracts - Refer Note 19 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements;

There has been no delay in transferring
amounts, required to be transferred, to the
Investor Education and Protection Fund by
the Company and its subsidiary companies
incorporated in India.

The respective Managements of the
Company and its subsidiaries, which
are companies incorporated in India,
whose financial statements have
been audited under the Act, have
represented to us that, to the best of
their knowledge and belief, no funds
have been advanced or loaned or
invested (either from borrowed funds
or share premium or any other sources
or kind of funds) by the Company or
any of such subsidiaries or in any other
entities ( Intermediaries ), with the
understanding, whether recorded
in writing or otherwise, that the
Intermediary shall, directly or indirectly
lend or invest in other persons or
entities identified in any manner
whatsoever by or on behalf of the
Company or any of such subsidiaries
( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide

The respective Managements of the
Company and its subsidiaries which
are companies incorporated in India,
whose financial statements have
been audited under the Act, have
represented to us that, to the best of
their knowledge and belief, no funds
have been received by the Company
or any of such subsidiaries from any
entities ( Funding Parties ), with the
understanding, whether recorded
in writing or otherwise, that the
Company or any of such subsidiaries
shall, directly or indirectly, lend or
invest in other persons or entities
identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Funding Party
( Ultimate Beneficiaries ) or provide

(c) Based on the audit procedures
performed that have been considered
reasonable and appropriate in the
circumstances performed by us on the
Company and that performed by the
auditors of the subsidiaries which are

companies incorporated in India whose
financial statements have been audited
under the Act, nothing has come to our
or other auditor s notice that has caused
us or the other auditors to believe that the
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii)
of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b)
above, contain any material misstatement.

The interim dividends declared and paid by the
Company during the year is in accordance with
section 123 of the Act, as applicable.

vi)
Based on our examination which included test
checks and that performed by the respective
auditors of the subsidiaries and based on
the other auditor s reports of its subsidiary
companies incorporated in India whose
financial statements have been audited under
the Act, the Company, its subsidiary companies
incorporated in India have used accounting
software systems for maintaining their
respective books of account for the financial
year ended March 31, 2026 which have the
feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility
and the same has operated throughout the year
for all relevant transactions recorded in the
software systems. Further, during the course
of audit, we and respective other auditors,
whose reports have been furnished to us by the
Management of the Company, have not come
across any instance of the audit trail feature
being tampered with. Additionally, the audit trail
has been preserved by the Company and above
referred subsidiary companies incorporated
in India as per the statutory requirements for
record retention.
2.
With respect to the matters specified in clause (xxi) of
paragraph 3 and paragraph 4 of the Companies (Auditor s
Report) Order, 2020 ( CARO / the Order ) issued by the
Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the
Act, according to the information and explanations given
to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us and
the auditors of respective companies included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements to which reporting
under CARO is applicable, as provided to us by the
Management of the Company, we report that there are
no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective
auditors in the CARO reports of the said companies
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 117366W/W - 100018
Anand Subramanian
Partner
Bengaluru
Membership number: 110815
June 2, 2026
UDIN: 26110815LOIHWA8108

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Annexure A
tto the Independent Auditor s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under Report on Other Legal and Regulatory
Requirements section of our report of even date)
REPORT ON THE INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH
REFERENCE TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
UNDER CLAUSE (I) OF SUB-SECTION 3 OF SECTION 143 OF
THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 (THE ACT )
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements of the
Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2026, we have audited the internal
financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements of Wipro
Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Company ) and its subsidiary companies which
are companies incorporated in India as of that date.
MANAGEMENT S AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS
RESPONSIBILITIES FOR INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
The respective management and Board of Directors of the Company, and its
subsidiary companies, which are companies incorporated in India, are responsible for
establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control
with reference to the financial statements criteria established by the respective
companies considering the essential components of internal control stated in the
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities include
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls
that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its
business, including adherence to the respective company s policies, the safeguarding
of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and
completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable
financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
AUDITOR S RESPONSIBILITY
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal financial
controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the Guidance Note ) issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed
under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit
of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial
Statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively
in all material respects.

Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls
with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements and their
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls
with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements included
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the
auditor s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on
the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements of the Company, its subsidiary companies,
which are companies incorporated in India.
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL
CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
A company's internal financial control with reference to
Consolidated Financial Statements is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company's internal financial control
with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorisations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition
of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the
INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL
FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls
with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements, including
the possibility of collusion or improper management override
of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation
of the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements to future periods are subject to the risk
that the internal financial control with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
OPINION
In our opinion to the best of our information and according to
the explanations given to us, the Company, and its subsidiary
companies, which are companies incorporated in India, have,
in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls
with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements and
such internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements were operating effectively as at March
31, 2026, based on the criteria for internal financial control with
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements established
by the respective companies considering the essential
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration Number: 117366W/W - 100018
Anand Subramanian
Partner
Bengaluru
Membership number: 110815
June 2, 2026
UDIN: 26110815LOIHWA8108

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Notes
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
ASSETS

Non-current assets

77,224
78,473

Right-of-Use assets
28,287
25,598

4,122
1,964

Goodwill
382,214
320,346

29,176
27,450

Investments accounted for using
2,126
1,327

Financial assets
Investments
28,053
26,458
Derivative assets
-
^
Trade receivables
Unbilled receivables
7,433
-
6,259
4,664

Deferred tax assets (net)
5,242
2,561

Non-current tax assets (net)
7,787
7,230

Other non-current assets
9,451
7,707

587,723
504,077

Current assets

Inventories

Financial assets

Investments
437,680
411,474

Derivative assets
1,820

Trade receivables
135,901
117,745

Unbilled receivables
76,823
64,280

105,555
121,974

10,245
8,448

Current tax assets (net)
10,762
6,417

Contract assets
14,819
15,795

Other current assets
33,164
29,128

Total current assets
826,354
777,775
TOTAL ASSETS
1,414,077
1,281,852
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY

Equity share capital
20,977
20,944

Other equity
859,206
802,697
Equity attributable to the equity
holders of the Company
880,183
823,641
2,509
2,138
TOTAL EQUITY
882,692
825,779
Consolidated Balance Sheet

Notes
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
LIABILITIES

Non-current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Borrowings
1,962
63,954

Lease liabilities
26,327
22,193

Trade payables
4,394
-

6,743
7,793

Provisions
5,389
4,656

Deferred tax liabilities (net)
17,266
16,443

Non-current tax liabilities (net)
48,195
42,024

Other non-current liabilities
17,877
12,757

128,153
169,820

Current liabilities

Financial liabilities

Borrowings
165,912
97,863

Lease liabilities
8,709
8,025

Derivative liabilities
10,978

Trade payables
62,894
58,667

43,387
33,463

Contract liabilities
25,434
20,063

16,834
15,085

Provisions
19,463
17,638

Current tax liabilities (net)
49,621
34,481

403,232
286,253
TOTAL LIABILITIES
531,385
456,073
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1,414,077
1,281,852
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Rishad A. Premji
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Srinivas Pallia
Chartered Accountants
Firm s Registration No.: 117366W/W - 100018
Chairman
(DIN: 02983899)
Director
(DIN: 00009627)
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Anand Subramanian
Aparna C. Iyer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Partner
Chief Financial Officer
Company Secretary
Membership No.: 110815
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Notes
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
INCOME

Revenue from operations
926,240
890,884

Other income
38,737
38,840
Total income (A)
964,977
929,724
EXPENSES
Purchases of stock-in-trade
5,755
2,967
Changes in inventories of stock-
in-trade
Employee benefits expense
555,855
533,477
Finance costs
14,577
14,770
29,107
29,579
Sub-contracting and technical
fees
107,668
100,148
Facility expenses
15,886
16,067
Software license expense for
internal use
21,720
19,338
Travel
13,882
14,095
Communication
3,414
3,842
Legal and professional charges
10,199
11,270
3,480
3,591
2,838
Other expenses
7,260
5,358
Total expenses (B)
791,812
755,021
Profit before share of net profit/(loss)
of associate and joint venture
173,165
174,703
Share of net profit/(loss) of associate
and joint venture accounted for using
the equity method (C)
Profit before tax (A)-(B)+(C)
173,422
174,957
Tax expense
Current tax
42,665
45,405
Deferred tax
(1,898)
(2,628)
Total tax expense
40,767
42,777
132,655
132,180
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
profit or loss:

Remeasurements of the defined

Net change in fair value of
measured at
fair value through OCI
(1,452)
(3,619)

Income taxes relating to items
that will not be reclassified to
(6)
Consolidated Statements of Profit and Loss

Notes
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
Foreign currency translation differences relating to foreign operations
46,126
7,216
Reclassification of foreign currency translation differences on liquidation of
subsidiaries to consolidated statement of profit and loss
-
(41)
Net change in time value of option contracts designated as cash flow hedges
(248)
Net change in intrinsic value of option contracts designated as cash flow hedges
(1,622)
Net change in fair value of forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges
(7,902)
(993)
Net change in fair value of investment in debt instruments measured at fair value
through OCI
(2,413)
1,189
Income taxes relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
2,576
Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of taxes
35,522
4,148
168,177
136,328
Profit for the year attributable to:
131,974
131,354
132,655
132,180
Other comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
35,276
4,126
35,522
4,148
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
167,250
135,480
168,177
136,328
Earnings per equity share: (Equity shares of par value K 2 each)
Basic
12.60
12.56
Diluted
12.56
12.52
Weighted average number of equity shares used in computing earnings per equity share
Basic
10,476,247,846
10,456,741,552
Diluted
10,503,422,936
10,488,939,392
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Rishad A. Premji
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Srinivas Pallia
Chartered Accountants
Chairman
Director
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Firm s Registration No.: 117366W/W - 100018
(DIN: 02983899)
(DIN: 00009627)
Anand Subramanian
Aparna C. Iyer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Partner
Chief Financial Officer
Company Secretary
Membership No.: 110815
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
A. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
April 1, 2025
April 1, 2025
during the current year
March 31, 2026(2)
20,944
-
20,944
20,977
April 1, 2024
April 1, 2024
during the previous year(1)
March 31, 2025(2)
10,450
-
10,450
10,494
20,944
(1) I 10,467 is towards issue of bonus shares (Refer to Note 32) and I 27 is towards proceeds from issue of equity shares on exercise of options.
(2) As at March 31, 2026, the Company has 10,488,412,458 equity shares of I 2 each (March 31, 2025: 10,472,136,049 equity shares). As at March 31, 2026, the Company has 11,905,480
treasury shares (March 31, 2025: 11,905,480 treasury shares), held by a controlled trust consolidated as part of the Group.
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

B. OTHER EQUITY
Share
Reserves and Surplus
Equity
Non-
Total other
Securities
Capital
Capital
Retained
Share options
Special
Economic
Zone re-
Foreign
Cash flow
Remeasure-
Investment
through OCI
Investment
through OCI
Gross
Balance as at April 1, 2025
^
2,699
1,139
712,693
6,985
27,778
52,393
(210)
(127)
2,360
1,212
(4,238)
802,697
2,138
804,835
-
131,974
-
131,974
132,655
-
45,860
(7,194)
(2,094)
(1,448)
-
35,276
35,522
Total comprehensive income/(loss)
-
131,974
-
45,860
(7,194)
(2,094)
(1,448)
-
167,250
168,177
Issue of equity shares on exercise
of options
-
3,530
-
(3,530)
-
Dividend (3)
-
(115,206)
-
(115,206)
(569)
(115,775)
Compensation cost related to
employee share-based payment
-
4,465
-
4,465
-
4,465
Transferred from Special Economic
Zone re-investment reserve
-
1,812
-
(1,812)
-
Others
-
(5)
(8)
-
3,530
-
(113,394)
(1,812)
(5)
(8)
-
(110,741)
(556)
(111,297)
Balance as at March 31, 2026
^
6,229
1,139
731,273
7,920
25,966
98,248
(7,399)
(228)
(4,238)
859,206
2,509
861,715
(1) Refer to Note 29
(2) Refer to Note 10
(3) Refer to Note 32

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Share
Reserves and Surplus
Equity
Non-
Total other
Securities
Capital
Capital
Retained
Share options
accoun
Special
Economic
Zone re-
Foreign
Cash flow
Remeasure-
Investment
through OCI
Investment
through OCI
Gross
Balance as at April 1, 2024
^
3,362
1,139
1,674
627,152
6,384
42,129
45,269
(286)
1,397
10,320
(4,238)
734,880
1,340
736,220
-
131,354
-
131,354
132,180
Other comprehensive
-
7,138
(788)
(3,476)
-
4,126
4,148
Total comprehensive income/
(loss) for the year
-
131,354
-
7,138
(788)
(3,476)
-
135,480
136,328
Issue of equity shares on
exercise of options
-
4,950
-
(4,950)
-
Bonus issue of equity shares
(3)
-
(5,613)
-
(1,661)
(3,193)
-
(10,467)
-
(10,467)
Dividend (3)
-
(62,750)
-
(62,750)
-
(62,750)
Transfer from Other
components of equity(4)
-
5,754
-
(130)
-
(5,624)
-
Transfer of shares pertaining
Non-controlling interests of
-
(14)
-
(8)
-
(3)
-
Compensation cost related
to employee share-based
-
5,551
-
5,551
-
5,551
Transferred from Special
Economic Zone re-investment
-
14,351
-
(14,351)
-

Share
Reserves and Surplus
Equity
Non-
Total other
Securities
Capital
Capital
Retained
Share options
accoun
Special
Economic
Zone re-
Foreign
Cash flow
Remeasure-
Investment
through OCI
Investment
through OCI
Gross
Others
-
(47)
Other transactions for the
-
(663)
-
(1,661)
(45,813)
(14,351)
(14)
-
(130)
-
(5,632)
-
(67,663)
(50)
(67,713)
March 31, 2025
^
2,699
1,139
712,693
6,985
27,778
52,393
(210)
(127)
2,360
1,212
(4,238)
802,697
2,138
804,835
(1) Refer to Note 29
(2) Refer to Note 10
(3) Refer to Note 32
(4) Towards transfer of cumulative realised (gain)/loss on disposal of investments in equity instruments designated as FVTOCI and towards transfer of cumulative (gain)/loss on remeasurement of defined benefit plans to
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Rishad A. Premji
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Srinivas Pallia
Chartered Accountants
Chairman
Director
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Firm s Registration No.: 117366W/W - 100018
(DIN: 02983899)
(DIN: 00009627)
Anand Subramanian
Aparna C. Iyer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Partner
Chief Financial Officer
Company Secretary
Membership No.: 110815
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Notes
March 31, 2026
March 31, 2025
Cash flows from operating activities:
132,655
132,180
Adjustments to reconcile profit for the
year to net cash generated from operating
Gain on sale of property, plant and
equipment, net
(393)
(606)
29,107
29,579
Unrealised exchange (gain)/loss, net
2,168
(623)
Share-based compensation expense
4,465
5,551
Share of net (profit)/loss of associate
and joint venture accounted for using
(257)
(254)
40,767
42,777
Finance and other income, net of
finance costs
(21,914)
(23,432)
Change in fair value of contingent
consideration
(169)
2,838
Changes in operating assets and
liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions
(Increase)/Decrease in trade
(11,442)
1,894
(Increase)/Decrease in unbilled
receivables and contract assets
(14,498)
(1,331)
(Increase)/Decrease in inventories
(Increase)/Decrease in other financial
assets and other assets
(205)
6,609
Increase/(Decrease) in trade payables,
other financial liabilities, other liabilities
8,482
Increase/(Decrease) in contract
3,555
2,341
Cash generated from operating activities
before taxes
175,561
195,601
Income taxes paid
(26,245)
(26,175)
Net cash generated from operating
149,316
169,426
Cash flows from investing activities:
Payment for purchase of property,
(15,603)
(14,737)
Proceeds from disposal of property,
1,822
Investment in associate
(352)
-
Payment for purchase of investments
(837,806)
(801,582)
Proceeds from sale of investments
816,732
706,520
Payment for business acquisitions
including deposits and escrow, net of
cash acquired
(26,033)
(964)
Repayment of security deposit for
-
(300)
Interest received
28,878
26,212
Dividend received
2,299
Net cash used in investing activities
(33,423)
(80,730)
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Notes
March 31, 2026
March 31, 2025
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from issuance of equity shares and shares pending allotment
Repayment of borrowings
(259,841)
(177,672)
Proceeds from borrowings
253,089
195,595
Payment of lease liabilities including interests
(11,561)
(10,474)
Payment for contingent consideration
(648)
-
Payment of deferred consideration on business combination
(221)
-
Interest and finance costs paid
(6,336)
(8,689)
Payment of dividend
(115,206)
(62,750)
Payment of dividend to Non-controlling interest holders
(569)
-
Net cash used in financing activities
(141,260)
(63,963)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents during the year
(25,367)
24,733
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
8,948
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
121,974
96,951
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
105,555
121,974
Refer to Note 17 for supplementary information on consolidated statement of cash flows
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Rishad A. Premji
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Srinivas Pallia
Chartered Accountants
Chairman
Director
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Firm s Registration No.: 117366W/W - 100018
(DIN: 02983899)
(DIN: 00009627)
Anand Subramanian
Aparna C. Iyer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Partner
Chief Financial Officer
Company Secretary
Membership No.: 110815
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
1.
THE COMPANY OVERVIEW

Wipro Limited ( Wipro or the Parent Company ), together with its subsidiaries
and controlled trusts (collectively, we , us , our , the Company or the
Group ) is a leading artificial intelligence ( AI ) powered technology services
and consulting company focused on building innovative solutions that address
clients most complex digital transformation needs. Leveraging our consulting-
led approach and the Wipro Intelligence unified suite of AI-powered platforms,
solutions and transformative offerings, we help clients realise their boldest
ambitions to build intelligent and sustainable businesses.

Wipro is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in India. The
address of its registered office is Wipro Limited, Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road,
Bengaluru - 560 035, Karnataka, India. The Company has its primary listing
with BSE Ltd. and National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The Company s
American Depository Shares ( ADS ) representing equity shares are also listed
on the New York Stock Exchange.

The Company s Board of Directors authorised these consolidated financial
statements for issue on June 2, 2026.
2.
BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Statement of compliance and basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in compliance with
Indian Accounting Standards ( Ind AS ), the provisions of Schedule III to the
Companies Act, 2013 ("the Companies Act"), as applicable and guidelines
issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ). The Ind AS
are prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act read with Rule 3 of
the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and amendments
issued thereafter. All accounting policies have been consistently applied to all
periods presented in these financial statements, except for the adoption of new
accounting standards, amendments and interpretations effective from April
1, 2025.

The consolidated financial statements correspond to the classification
provisions contained in Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements . For
clarity, various items are aggregated in the consolidated statement of profit and
loss and consolidated balance sheet. These items are disaggregated separately
in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, where applicable.

The assets which are expected to be realised within a period of twelve months
from the end of reporting period are classified as current assets. Similarly, the
liabilities which are expected to be settled within a period of twelve months
from the end of reporting period are classified as current liabilities. All other
assets and liabilities are classified as non-current.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

All amounts included in the consolidated financial
statements are reported in millions of Indian Rupees
(I in millions) except share and per share data, unless
otherwise stated. Due to rounding off, the numbers
presented throughout the document may not add up
precisely to the totals and percentages may not precisely
reflect the absolute figures. Previous year figures have
been regrouped/rearranged, wherever necessary.
Basis of measurement

The consolidated financial statements have been
accrual basis, except for the following material items
which have been measured at fair value as required by
relevant Ind AS

a. Derivative financial instruments;

b. Financial instruments classified as fair value through
other comprehensive income or fair value through
profit or loss;

c. The defined benefit liability/(asset) is recognised as
the present value of defined benefit obligation less
fair value of plan assets; and

d. Contingent consideration and liability on written
put options.
(iii) Use of estimates and judgement

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements
in conformity with Ind AS requires the management to
make judgements, accounting estimates and assumptions
that affect the application of accounting policies and
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
expenses. Accounting estimates are monetary amounts
in the consolidated financial statements that are subject
to measurement uncertainty. An accounting policy may
require items in consolidated financial statements to be
measured at monetary amounts that cannot be observed
directly and must instead be estimated. In such a case,
management develops an accounting estimate to
achieve the objective set out by the accounting policy.
Developing accounting estimates involves the use of
judgements or assumptions based on the latest available
and reliable information. Actual results may differ from
those accounting estimates.

Accounting estimates and underlying assumptions are
reviewed on an ongoing basis. Changes to accounting
estimates are recognised in the period in which the
estimates are changed and in any future periods
affected. In particular, information about material areas
of estimation, uncertainty and critical judgements in
applying accounting policies that have the material effect
on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial
statements are included in the following notes:

a) Revenue recognition: The Company applies
judgement to determine whether each product or
service promised to a customer is capable of being
distinct, and is distinct in the context of the contract, if
not, the promised product or service is combined and
accounted as a single performance obligation. The
Company allocates the Transaction Price (as defined
below in Note 3(xiv)) to separately identifiable
performance obligation deliverables based on their
relative stand-alone selling price. In cases where the
Company is unable to determine the stand-alone
selling price the Company uses expected cost-plus
margin approach in estimating the stand-alone
selling price. The Company uses the percentage of
completion method using the input (cost expended)
method to measure progress towards completion
in respect of fixed price contracts. Percentage of
completion method accounting relies on estimates
of total expected contract revenue and costs. This
method is followed when reasonably dependable
estimates of the revenues and costs applicable to
various elements of the contract can be made. Key
factors that are reviewed in estimating the future
costs to complete include estimates of future labor
costs and productivity efficiencies. Because the
financial reporting of these contracts depends on
estimates that are assessed continually during the
term of these contracts, revenue recognised, profit
and timing of revenue for remaining performance
obligations are subject to revisions as the contract
progresses to completion. When estimates indicate
that a loss will be incurred, the loss is provided for
in the period in which the loss becomes probable.
Volume discounts are recorded as a reduction of
revenue. When the amount of discount varies with the
levels of revenue, volume discount is recorded based
on estimate of future revenue from the customer.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

b) Impairment testing: Goodwill recognised on
business combination is tested for impairment at
least annually and when events occur or changes
in circumstances indicate that the recoverable
amount of goodwill or a cash generating
unit to which goodwill pertains, is less than
the carrying value. The Company assesses
acquired intangible assets with finite useful life
for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
may not be recoverable. The recoverable
amount of an asset or a cash generating unit is
higher of value-in-use and fair value less cost
of disposal. The calculation of value-in-use of
an asset or a cash generating unit involves use
of significant estimates and assumptions which
include turnover, growth rates and net margins
used to calculate projected future cash flows,
risk-adjusted discount rate, future economic and
market conditions.

c) Income taxes: The major tax jurisdictions for the

Significant judgements are involved in
determining the provision for income taxes
including judgement on whether tax positions are
probable of being sustained in tax assessments.
A tax assessment can involve complex issues,
which can only be resolved over extended
time periods.

Deferred tax is recorded on temporary
differences between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts, at the
rates that have been enacted or substantively
enacted at the reporting date. The ultimate
realisation of deferred tax assets is dependent
upon the generation of future taxable profits
during the periods in which those temporary
realisable, however, could reduce in the near
term if estimates of future taxable income during
the carry-forward period are reduced.

d) Business combinations: In accounting for
business combinations, judgement is required
to assess whether an identifiable intangible
asset is to be recorded separately from goodwill.
Additionally, estimating the acquisition date
fair value of the identifiable assets acquired
(including useful life estimates), liabilities
assumed, and contingent consideration
assumed involves management judgement.
These measurements are based on information
available at the acquisition date and are based
on expectations and assumptions that have
been deemed reasonable by management.
Changes in these judgements, estimates, and
assumptions can materially affect the results
of operations.

e) Defined benefit plans and compensated
absences: The cost of the defined benefit plans,
compensated absences and the present value
of the defined benefit obligations are based
on actuarial valuation using the projected unit
credit method. An actuarial valuation involves
making various assumptions that may differ
from actual developments in the future. These
include the determination of the discount rate,
future salary increases and mortality rates. Due
to the complexities involved in the valuation
and its long-term nature, a defined benefit
obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these
assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at
each reporting date.

Expected credit losses on financial assets:
The impairment provisions of financial assets
are based on assumptions about risk of
default and expected timing of collection. The
Company uses judgement in making these
assumptions and selecting the inputs to the
expected credit loss calculation based on the
Company s history of collections, customer s
creditworthiness, existing market conditions as
well as forward-looking estimates at the end of
each reporting period.

g) Useful lives of property, plant and equipment:
The Company depreciates property, plant and
equipment on a straight-line basis over estimated
useful lives of the assets. The charge in respect

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
of periodic depreciation is derived based on an
estimate of an asset s expected useful life and the
expected residual value at the end of its life. The lives
are based on historical experience with similar assets
as well as anticipation of future events, which may
impact their life, such as changes in technology. The
estimated useful life is reviewed at least annually.

h) Provisions and contingent liabilities: The Company
estimates the provisions that have present
obligations as a result of past events, and IT is
probable that outflow of resources will be required to
settle the obligations. These provisions are reviewed
at the end of each reporting date and are adjusted to
reflect the current best estimates.

The Company uses significant judgement to
disclose contingent liabilities. Contingent liabilities
are disclosed when there is a possible obligation
arising from past events, the existence of which
will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future events
not wholly within the control of the Company or a
present obligation that arises from past events where
IT is either not probable that an outflow of resources
will be required to settle the obligation or a reliable
estimate of the amount cannot be made. Contingent
assets are neither recognised nor disclosed in the
3.
MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
INFORMATION
Basis of consolidation

Subsidiaries and controlled trusts

The Company determines the basis of control in line
with the requirements of Ind AS 110, Consolidated
Financial Statements. Subsidiaries and controlled trusts
are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls
an entity when the parent has power over the entity, IT
is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect
those returns through its power over the entity. The
financial statements of subsidiaries and controlled trusts
are included in the consolidated financial statements
from the date on which control commences until the date
on which control ceases.

The financial statements of the Group companies are
consolidated on a line-by-line basis and all intra-Group
balances, transactions, income and expenses are
eliminated in full on consolidation.

Non-controlling interests in the net assets (excluding
goodwill) of consolidated subsidiaries are identified
separately from the Company s equity. The interest of
non-controlling shareholders may be initially measured
either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest s
proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree s
identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement
basis is made on an acquisition to acquisition basis.
Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-
controlling interests is the amount of those interests at
initial recognition plus the non-controlling interest s share
of subsequent changes in equity. Total comprehensive
income is attributed to non-controlling interests even
if IT results in the non-controlling interests having a
deficit balance.

Liability for written put options to

At initial recognition, the liability for put options issued
to non-controlling interests, to be settled in cash by
the Company, which do not grant present access to
ownership interest to the Company is recognised as
financial liability at present value of the redemption
amount with a corresponding debit in other components
of equity.

The liability is subsequently remeasured at the end of
each period and accreted through financial expenses up
to the redemption amount that is payable at the date at
which the option first becomes exercisable. In the event
that the option expires unexercised, the liabilities is
derecognised with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

Investments accounted for using the

Investments accounted for using the equity method are
entities in respect of which, the Company has significant
influence, but not control, over the financial and operating
policies. Generally, a company has a significant influence

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
if IT holds between 20% and 50% of the voting power
of another entity. Investments in such entities are
accounted for using the equity method and are
initially recognised at cost. The carrying amount of
investment is increased/ decreased to recognise
investors share of profit or loss of the investee after
the acquisition date.
(ii) Functional and presentation currency

Items included in the financial statements of each
of the Company s entities are measured using the
currency of the primary economic environment in
which these entities operate (i.e. the functional
currency ). These consolidated financial statements
are presented in Indian Rupees, which is the
functional currency of the Parent Company.
(iii) Foreign currency transactions and
Transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currency are translated
into the respective functional currencies using
the exchange rates prevailing at the date of the
transaction. Foreign exchange gains and losses
resulting from the settlement of such transactions
and from translation at the exchange rates prevailing
at the reporting date of monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies are recognised
in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and
net, within results of operating activities except
when deferred in other comprehensive income
as qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net
investment hedges. Net loss relating to translation
or settlement of borrowings denominated in foreign
currency are reported within finance costs. Net gain
relating to translation or settlement of borrowings
denominated in foreign currency are reported within
at fair value through other comprehensive income
are included in other comprehensive income, net
of taxes.
Foreign operations

For the purpose of presenting consolidated
financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
Company s foreign operations that have a functional
currency other than Indian Rupees are translated
into Indian Rupees using exchange rates prevailing
at the reporting date. Income and expense items
are translated at the average exchange rates for
the period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are
recognised in other comprehensive income and held
in foreign currency translation reserve ( FCTR ), a
component of equity, except to the extent that the
translation difference is allocated to non-controlling
interest. When a foreign operation is disposed of, the
relevant amount recognised in FCTR is transferred
to the consolidated statement of profit and loss as
part of the profit or loss on disposal. Goodwill and
fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition
of a foreign operation are treated as assets and
liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at
the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date.
Others

Foreign currency differences arising on the translation
or settlement of a financial liability designated as
a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation
are recognised in other comprehensive income and
presented within equity in the FCTR to the extent
the hedge is effective. To the extent the hedge is
ineffective, such differences are recognised in the

When the hedged part of a net investment is
disposed of, the relevant amount recognised in
FCTR is transferred to the consolidated statement of
profit and loss as part of the profit or loss on disposal.
Foreign currency differences arising from translation
of intercompany receivables or payables relating
to foreign operations, the settlement of which is
neither planned nor likely in the foreseeable future,

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
are considered to form part of net investment in foreign
operation and are recognised in FCTR.
(iv) Financial instruments
A)
Non-derivative financial instruments:

Non-derivative financial instruments consist of:
financial assets, which include cash and cash
equivalents, trade receivables, unbilled receivables,
advances, investments in equity and debt securities
and eligible current and non-current assets; and
financial liabilities, which include long-term and short-
term borrowings, trade payables, lease liabilities and
eligible current and non-current liabilities.

Non-derivative financial instruments other than trade
receivables and unbilled receivables are recognised
initially at fair value. Trade receivables and unbilled
receivables that do not contain a significant financing
component are measured at the Transaction Price.
Subsequent to initial recognition, non-derivative financial

a. Cash and cash equivalents

The Company s cash and cash equivalents consist
of cash on hand and in banks and demand deposits
with banks, which can be withdrawn at any time,
without prior notice or penalty on the principal.

For the purposes of the consolidated statement
of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include
cash on hand, in banks and demand deposits with
banks, net of outstanding bank overdrafts that are
repayable on demand and are considered part
of the Company s cash management system. In
the consolidated balance sheet, bank overdrafts
are presented under borrowings within current
financial liabilities.

b. Investments

Financial instruments measured at amortised
cost:

Debt instruments that meet the following criteria
are measured at amortised cost (except for debt
instruments that are designated at fair value through
profit or loss on initial recognition):
the asset is held within a business model whose
objective is to hold assets in order to collect
contractual cash flows; and

Financial instruments measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income ( FVTOCI ):

Debt instruments that meet the following criteria are
measured at FVTOCI (except for debt instruments
that are designated at fair value through profit or loss
on initial recognition):
whose objective is achieved both by collecting
contractual cash flows and selling the financial
asset; and

Interest income is recognised in the consolidated
statement of profit and loss for FVTOCI debt
instruments. Other changes in fair value of
FVTOCI financial assets are recognised in other
comprehensive income. When the investment is
disposed of, the cumulative gain or loss previously
accumulated in reserves is transferred to the

Financial instruments measured at fair value through
profit or loss ( FVTPL ):

Instruments that do not meet the amortised cost or
FVTOCI criteria are measured at FVTPL. Financial
assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the
end of each reporting period, with any gains or
losses arising on re-measurement recognised in
consolidated statement of profit and loss. The gain
or loss on disposal is recognised in the consolidated

Interest income is recognised in the consolidated
statement of profit and loss for FVTPL debt
instruments. Dividends on financial assets at FVTPL
is recognised when the Company s right to receive
dividends is established.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

Investments in equity instruments:

The Company carries certain equity instruments
which are not held for trading. At initial
recognition, the Company may make an
irrevocable election to present subsequent
changes in the fair value of an investment in
an equity instrument in other comprehensive
income (FVTOCI) or through statement of profit
and loss (FVTPL). For investments designated
to be classified as FVTOCI, movements in fair
value of investments are recognised in other
comprehensive income and the gain or loss
is not transferred to consolidated statement
of profit and loss on disposal of investments.
For investments designated to be classified
as FVTPL, both movements in fair value of
investments and gain or loss on disposal of
investments are recognised in the consolidated

Dividends from these investments are recognised
in the consolidated statement of profit and loss
when the Company s right to receive dividends
is established.

derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss in

c. Other financial assets:

Other financial assets are non-derivative financial
assets with fixed or determinable payments
that are not quoted in an active market. These
comprise trade receivables, unbilled receivables,
advances and eligible current and non-current
assets. They are presented as current assets,
except for those expected to be realised later
than twelve months after the reporting date
which are presented as non-current assets. All
financial assets are initially recognised at fair
value and subsequently measured at amortised
cost using the effective interest method, less any

d. Trade payables and other liabilities:

Trade payables and other liabilities are initially
recognised at the transaction price, and
subsequently carried at amortised cost using
the effective interest method. For these financial
instruments, the carrying amounts approximate
fair value due to the short-term maturity of
these instruments. Contingent consideration
recognised in a business combination is initially
recognised at fair value and subsequently
measured at fair value through profit or loss.
B)
Derivative financial instruments

fluctuations on foreign currency assets, liabilities,
net investment in foreign operations and forecasted
cash flows denominated in foreign currency.

The Company limits the effect of foreign exchange
rate fluctuations by following established risk
management policies including the use of
derivatives. The Company enters into derivative
financial instruments where the counterparty is
primarily a bank.

Derivative financial instruments are recognised
and measured at fair value. Attributable transaction
costs are recognised in the consolidated statement
of profit and loss as cost.

Subsequent to initial recognition, derivative financial

a. Cash flow hedges

Changes in the fair value of the derivative
hedging instruments designated as a cash flow
hedge are recognised in other comprehensive
income and held in cash flow hedging reserve,
net of taxes, a component of equity, to the extent
that the hedge is effective. To the extent that
the hedge is ineffective, changes in fair value
are recognised in the consolidated statement
of profit and loss and reported within foreign
exchange gains/(losses), net within results from
operating activities. If the hedging instrument no
longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting,
then hedge accounting is discontinued

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
prospectively. If the hedging instrument expires or
is sold, terminated or exercised, the cumulative gain
or loss on the hedging instrument recognised in cash
flow hedging reserve till the period the hedge was
effective remains in cash flow hedging reserve until
the forecasted transaction occurs. The cumulative
gain or loss previously recognised in the cash flow
hedging reserve is transferred to the consolidated
statement of profit and loss upon the occurrence of
the related forecasted transaction. If the forecasted
transaction is no longer expected to occur, such
cumulative balance is immediately recognised in the

b. Hedges of net investment in foreign operations

The Company designates derivative financial
instruments as hedges of net investments in foreign
operations. The Company also designates foreign
currency denominated borrowing as a hedge of net
investment in foreign operations. Changes in the
fair value of the derivative hedging instruments and
gains/(losses) on translation or settlement of foreign
currency denominated borrowings designated as a
recognised in other comprehensive income and
presented within equity in the FCTR to the extent that
the hedge is effective. To the extent that the hedge
is ineffective, changes in fair value are recognised
in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and
reported within foreign exchange gains/(losses), net
within results from operating activities.

c. Others

Changes in fair value of foreign currency derivative
instruments neither designated as cash flow hedges
nor hedges of net investment in foreign operations
are recognised in the consolidated statement of
profit and loss and reported within foreign exchange
gains/(losses), net within results from operating
activities. Changes in fair value and gains/(losses),
net, on settlement of foreign currency derivative
instruments relating to borrowings, which have
not been designated as hedges are recorded in
finance costs.
C)

The Company derecognises a financial asset when the
contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial
asset expire or IT transfers the financial asset and the
transfer qualifies for derecognition under Ind AS 109.
If the Company retains substantially all the risks and
rewards of a transferred financial asset, the Company
continues to recognise the financial asset and recognises
a borrowing for the proceeds received. A financial
liability (or a part of a financial liability) is derecognised
from the Company s consolidated balance sheet when
the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or
cancelled or expires.
(v) Equity and share capital
Share capital and Securities premium

The authorised share capital of the Company as at
March 31, 2026 is I 25,352 divided into 12,543,500,000
equity shares of I 2 each, 25,000,000 preference shares
of I 10 each and 150,000 10% optionally convertible
cumulative preference shares of I 100 each. Par value
of the equity shares is recorded as share capital and the
amount received in excess of par value is classified as
Securities premium.

Every holder of equity shares, as reflected in the records
of the Company as at the date of the shareholder meeting
shall have one vote in respect of each share held for all
matters submitted to vote in the shareholder meeting.

The Company s equity shares held by the controlled trust,
which is consolidated as part of the Group are classified
as treasury shares. The Company has 11,905,480 and
11,905,480 treasury shares as at March 31, 2026 and
2025, respectively. Treasury shares are recorded at
acquisition cost.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Retained earnings

undistributed earnings after taxes and is freely
Capital Reserve

Capital reserve amounting to I 1,139 and I 1,139 as of
March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively is not freely
Capital Redemption Reserve

As per the Companies Act, 2013, capital redemption
reserve is created when a company purchases its own
shares out of free reserves or securities premium.
A sum equal to the nominal value of the shares so
purchased is transferred to capital redemption
reserve. The reserve can be utilised in accordance
with the provisions of Section 69 of the Companies
Act, 2013. Capital redemption reserve amounting
to I 13 and I 13 as of March 31, 2026 and 2025,
respectively is not freely available for distribution.
Share options outstanding account

The Share options outstanding account is used
to record the value of equity-settled share-based
payment transactions with employees. The amounts
recorded in share options outstanding account are
transferred to securities premium upon exercise
of stock options and restricted stock unit options
by employees.
Special Economic Zone re-investment

The Special Economic Zone ( SEZ ) re-investment
reserve has been created out of profit of eligible
Special Economic Zone units as per provisions of
section 10AA(1)(ii) of the Income-tax Act, 1961 for
acquiring new plant and machinery. The said reserve
should be utilised by the Company for acquiring plant
and machinery as per the terms of Section 10AA(2)
of the Income-tax Act, 1961. This reserve is not freely

of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries,
differences arising from translation of long-term
inter-company receivables or payables relating to
foreign operations, settlement of which is neither
planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, changes
in fair value of the derivative hedging instruments and
gains/losses on translation or settlement of foreign
recognised in other comprehensive income, net of
taxes and presented within equity in the FCTR.

Changes in fair value of derivative hedging
instruments designated and effective as a cash
flow hedge are recognised in other comprehensive
income, net of taxes, and presented within equity as
cash flow hedging reserve.
Others

(debt or equity) measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income is recognised in other
within investment in debt instruments measured
at fair value through OCI or investment in equity
instruments measured at fair value through OCI.

Actuarial gains and losses on remeasurements of
the defined benefit plans are recognised in other
within equity in remeasurement of the defined
benefit plans.
Dividend

A final dividend on equity shares is recorded as a
liability on the date of approval by the shareholders.
An interim dividend is recorded as a liability on
the date of declaration by the Company s Board
of Directors.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Buyback of equity shares

The buyback of equity shares, including tax thereon and
related transaction costs are recorded as a reduction of
securities premium and retained earnings. Further, capital
redemption reserve is created as an apportionment from
m)
Bonus issue

For the purpose of bonus issue, the amount is transferred
from capital redemption reserves, securities premium
and retained earnings to the share capital.
(vi) Property, plant and equipment
Recognition, measurement and
de-recognition

Property, plant and equipment are measured at cost
less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
if any. Cost includes expenditures directly attributable
to the acquisition of the asset. General and specific
borrowing costs directly attributable to the construction
of a qualifying asset are capitalised as part of the cost till
all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset
for its intended use or sale are substantially completed.
The cost and related accumulated depreciation are
derecognised upon sale and disposition of the asset
and the resultant gains or losses are recognised in the

Capital work-in-progress are measured at cost less
accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Depreciation

equipment over the estimated useful life on a straight-
line basis from the date the assets are available for use.
Leasehold improvements are amortised over the shorter
of estimated useful life of the asset or the related lease
term. Term licenses are amortised over their respective
contract term. Freehold land is not depreciated. The
estimated useful life of assets is reviewed and where
appropriate are adjusted, annually. The estimated useful
lives of assets are as follows:
Category
Useful life
Buildings
Computer equipment and software
Furniture, fixtures and equipment
Vehicles

The Company believes that the technically evaluated
useful lives, different from Schedule II of the Companies
Act, 2013, best represent the period over which these
assets are expected to be used.

and equipment. Subsequent expenditure relating to
property, plant and equipment is capitalised only when
IT is probable that future economic benefits associated
with these will flow to the Company and the cost of the
item can be measured reliably.

Deposits and advances paid towards the acquisition of
property, plant and equipment outstanding as at each
reporting date is classified as capital advances under
other non-current assets and the cost of property, plant
and equipment not available for use before such date are
disclosed under capital work-in-progress.
(vii) Business combinations, Goodwill and
Intangible assets
Business combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the
purchase (acquisition) method. The cost of an acquisition
is measured as the fair value of the assets transferred,
liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity instruments
issued at the date of exchange by the Company.
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent
liabilities assumed in a business combination are
measured initially at fair value at the date of acquisition.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Transaction costs incurred in connection with a
business acquisition are expensed as incurred.
The cost of an acquisition also includes the fair value
of any contingent consideration measured as at the
date of acquisition. Any subsequent changes to
the fair value of contingent consideration classified
as liabilities, other than measurement period
adjustments, are recognised in the consolidated
Goodwill

The excess of the cost of an acquisition over the
Company s share in the fair value of the acquiree s
identifiable assets and liabilities is recognised
as goodwill. If the excess is negative, a bargain
purchase gain is recognised immediately in equity
as capital reserve. Goodwill is measured at cost less
accumulated impairment (if any).

Goodwill associated with disposal of an operation
that is part of a cash-generating unit is measured
based on the relative values of the operation
disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating
unit retained, unless some other method better
reflects the goodwill associated with the operation
disposed of.
Intangible assets

business combination are measured at fair value as at
the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition,
intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated
amortisation and impairment losses, if any.
The amortisation of an intangible asset with a finite
useful life reflects the manner in which the economic
benefit is expected to be generated.
The estimated useful life of amortisable intangibles
is reviewed and where appropriate is adjusted,
annually. The estimated useful lives of the amortisable
intangible assets are as follows:
Category
Useful life
1 to 10 years
2.5 to 10 years
Customer-related intangibles includes customer
contracts and customer relationships acquired
as a part of business combinations. Marketing-
related intangibles includes vendor relationships,
non-competes and brands acquired as a part of
business combinations.
(viii) Leases

The Company evaluates each contract or
arrangement, whether IT qualifies as lease as defined
under Ind AS 116.

The Company enters into an arrangement for
lease of land, buildings, plant and equipment
including computer equipment and vehicles. Such
arrangements are generally for a fixed period but
may have extension or termination options. The
Company assesses, whether the contract is, or
contains, a lease, at its inception. A contract is
considered to contain a lease if IT conveys the right
to control the use of an identified asset for a period
of time in exchange for consideration.

(a) control use of an identified asset,

(b) obtain substantially all the economic benefits

(c) direct the use of the identified asset.

thereby assesses whether IT is reasonably certain
that any options to extend or terminate the contract
will be exercised.

recognises a right of use ( RoU ) asset at cost and
term of twelve months or less ( Short-term leases )
and low-value assets. For these Short-term leases
and low-value assets, the Company recognises the

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
lease payments as an operating expense on a straight-
line basis over the lease term.

lease plus any initial direct costs plus an estimate of
which IT is located, less any lease incentives received.
impairment losses, if any. The RoU assets are depreciated
using the straight-line method from the commencement
date over the shorter of lease term or useful life of RoU
assets. The estimated useful lives of RoU assets are
determined on the same basis as those of property, plant
and equipment.

The Company applies Ind AS 36 to determine whether
a RoU asset is impaired and accounts for any identified
impairment loss as described in the impairment of non-
financial assets below.

liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest
and reduced for the lease payments made.

increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the
lease liability, reducing the carrying amount to reflect
the lease payments made and remeasuring the carrying
amount to reflect any lease modifications. The Company
recognises the amount of the re-measurement of lease
liability due to modification as an adjustment to the RoU
asset or in consolidated statement of profit and loss,
depending upon the nature of modification. Where the
carrying amount of the RoU asset is reduced to zero and
there is a further reduction in the measurement of the
lease liability, the Company recognises any remaining
amount of the re-measurement in the consolidated

Payment of lease liabilities including interests are
consolidated statement of cash flows.

Leases under which the Company is a lessor are classified
as a finance or operating lease. Lease contracts where all
the risks and rewards are substantially transferred to the
lessee, are classified as a finance lease. All other leases
are classified as operating lease.

lease by reference to the RoU asset arising from the
head-lease.
(ix) Inventories

Inventories are valued at lower of cost and net realisable
(x) Impairment
Financial assets

The Company applies the expected credit loss model for
recognising impairment loss on financial assets measured
at amortised cost, debt instruments classified as FVTOCI,
trade receivables, unbilled receivables, finance lease
receivables and other financial assets. Expected credit
loss is the difference between the contractual cash flows
and the cash flows that the entity expects to receive,
discounted using the effective interest rate.

Loss allowances for trade receivables, unbilled
receivables and finance lease receivables are measured
at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit loss.
Lifetime expected credit losses are the expected credit
losses that result from all possible default events over the
expected life of a financial instrument. Lifetime expected
credit loss is computed based on a provision matrix
which takes into account, risk profiling of customers and

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
historical credit loss experience adjusted for forward-
looking information. For other financial assets,
expected credit loss is measured at the amount equal
to twelve months expected credit loss unless there
has been a significant increase in credit risk from
initial recognition, in which case those are measured
at lifetime expected credit loss.

The Company assesses long-lived assets such as
property, plant and equipment, RoU assets and
intangible assets for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may
not be recoverable. If any such indication exists, the
Company estimates the recoverable amount of the
asset or group of assets.

circumstances indicate that the recoverable amount
of the cash generating unit is less than its carrying
value. The goodwill impairment test is performed
at the level of cash-generating unit or groups of
cash-generating units which represents the lowest
level at which goodwill is monitored for internal
management purposes.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash
generating unit is the higher of its fair value less
cost of disposal ( FVLCD ) and its value-in-use
( VIU ). The VIU of long-lived assets is calculated
using projected future cash flows. FVLCD of a cash
generating unit is computed using turnover and
earnings multiples. If the recoverable amount of
the asset or the recoverable amount of the cash
generating unit to which the asset belongs is less
than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is
reduced to its recoverable amount. The reduction is
treated as an impairment loss and is recognised in
the consolidated statement of profit and loss.

previously assessed impairment loss on property,
plant and equipment, RoU assets and intangible
assets, no longer exists, the recoverable amount is
reassessed and the impairment losses previously
recognised are reversed such that the asset is
recognised at its recoverable amount but not
exceeding written down value which would have
recognised initially. An impairment loss in respect of
(xi) Employee benefits

a) Post-employment plans

The Group participates in various employee
benefit plans. Pensions and other post-
employment benefits are classified as either
defined contribution plans or defined benefit
plans. Under a defined contribution plan, the
Company s sole obligation is to pay a fixed
amount with no obligation to pay further
contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient
assets to pay all employee benefits. The related
actuarial and investment risks are borne by
the employee. The expenditure for defined
contribution plans is recognised as an expense
during the period when the employee provides
service. Under a defined benefit plan, IT is the
Company s obligation to provide agreed benefits
to the employees. The related actuarial and
present value of the defined benefit obligations
is calculated by an independent actuary using

comprising actuarial gains or losses, the effect
of changes to the asset ceiling, and the return on
plan assets (excluding interest) are immediately
recognised in other comprehensive income, net
of taxes and not reclassified to profit or loss in
subsequent period.

Net interest recognised in profit or loss is
calculated by applying the discount rate used to
measure the defined benefit obligation to the net
defined benefit liability or asset. The actual return
on the plan assets above or below the discount
rate, is recognised as part of remeasurements
of the defined benefit plans through other
comprehensive income, net of taxes.

Past service cost, both vested and unvested, is
recognised as an expense at the earlier of (a) when
the plan amendment or curtailment occurs; and

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(b) when the entity recognises related restructuring
costs or termination benefits.

Provident fund

Eligible employees receive benefits under the
Company s provident fund plan, into which both
the employer and employees make periodic
contributions to the approved provident fund
trust managed by the Company. A portion of
the employer s contribution is made to the
government administered pension fund.
The contributions to the provident fund trust
managed by the Company is accounted for as
a defined benefit plan as the Company is liable
for any shortfall in the fund assets based on the
government specified minimum rates of return.

Certain employees receive benefits under the
provident fund plan in which both the employer
and employees make periodic contributions to
the government administered provident fund. A
portion of the employer s contribution is made
to the government administered pension fund.
This is accounted as a defined contribution plan
as the obligation of the Company is limited to
the contributions made to the fund.

In accordance with the Code on Social Security,
2020, applicable for Indian companies, the
Company provides for a lump sum payment to
eligible employees, at retirement or termination
of employment based on the last drawn salary
and years of employment with the Company.
The gratuity fund is managed by third party

The Company also maintains pension and
similar plans for employees outside India, based
on country specific regulations. These plans are
partially funded, and the funds are managed by
third party fund managers. The plans provide
for monthly payout after retirement as per
salary drawn and service period or for a lump
sum payment as set out in rules of each fund.

Superannuation

Superannuation plan, a defined contribution
scheme is administered by third party fund
managers. The Company makes annual
contributions based on a specified percentage
of each eligible employee s salary.

b) Termination benefits

c) Short-term benefits

service is provided. A liability is recognised for the
amount expected to be paid under short-term cash
bonus or management incentive plans or profit-

d) Compensated absences

forward a portion of the unutilised accumulating
compensated absences and utilise IT in future

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
recognises accumulated compensated
absences based on actuarial valuation using the
projected unit credit method. Non-accumulating
compensated absences are recognised in the
period in which the absences occur.
(xii) Share-based payment transactions

Selected employees of the Company receive
remuneration in the form of equity settled instruments
or cash settled instruments, for rendering services
over a defined vesting period and for Company s
performance-based stock options over the defined
period. Equity instruments granted are measured
by reference to the fair value of the instrument at the
date of grant. In cases, where equity instruments are
granted at a nominal exercise price, the intrinsic value
on the date of grant approximates the fair value. The
expense is recognised in the consolidated statement
of profit and loss with a corresponding increase to
the share options outstanding account, a component
of equity.

generally vest in a graded manner over the vesting
period. The fair value determined at the grant
date is expensed over the vesting period of the
respective tranches of such grants (accelerated
amortisation). The stock compensation expense is
determined based on the Company s estimate of
equity instruments or cash settled instruments that
will eventually vest.

Cash settled instruments granted are re-measured
by reference to the fair value at the end of each
reporting period and at the time of vesting. The
expense is recognised in the consolidated statement
of profit and loss with a corresponding increase to
financial liability.
(xiii) Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has
a present obligation (legal or constructive), as a
result of a past event, IT is probable that an outflow
of economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the
amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best
estimate of the consideration required to settle the
present obligation at the end of the reporting period,
considering the risks and uncertainties surrounding

When some or all of the economic benefits required
to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
from a third party, the receivable is recognised as an
asset, if IT is virtually certain that reimbursement will
be received and the amount of the receivable can be
measured reliably.

Provisions for onerous contracts are recognised
when the expected benefits to be derived by
the Company from a contract are lower than the
unavoidable costs of meeting the future obligations
under the contract. Provisions for onerous contracts
are measured at the present value of lower of the
expected net cost of fulfilling the contract and the
expected cost of terminating the contract.
(xiv) Revenue

The Company derives revenue primarily from
software development, maintenance of software/
hardware and related services, consulting services,
business process services and sale of IT products.

has been approved by the parties to the contract,
the parties to contract are committed to perform their
contract is legally enforceable. Revenue is recognised
a performance obligation is measured at the amount
that performance obligation. To recognise revenues,
the Company applies the following five step
approach: (1) identify the contract with a customer, (2)
identify the performance obligations in the contract,
(3) determine the Transaction Price, (4) allocate the
Transaction Price to the performance obligations
in the contract, and (5) recognise revenues when a
performance obligation is satisfied. When there is

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
uncertainty as to collectability, revenue recognition is
postponed until such uncertainty is resolved.

At contract inception, the Company assesses its promise
to transfer products or services to a customer to identify
separate performance obligations. The Company
applies judgement to determine whether each product
or service promised to a customer is capable of being
distinct, and are distinct in the context of the contract,
if not, the promised products or services are combined
and accounted as a single performance obligation. The
Company allocates the Transaction Price to separately
identifiable performance obligations based on their
relative stand-alone selling price or residual method.
Stand-alone selling prices are determined based on
sale prices for the components when they are regularly
sold separately, in cases where the Company is unable
to determine the stand-alone selling price, the Company
Company uses expected cost-plus margin approach in
estimating the stand-alone selling price.

For performance obligations where control is transferred
over time, revenues are recognised by measuring
progress towards completion of the performance
obligation. The selection of the method to measure
progress towards completion requires judgement and is
based on the nature of the promised products or services
to be provided.

The method for recognising revenues and costs depends
on the nature of contracts with customers as given below:

A. Time and materials contracts

contracts are recognised as the related services

B. Fixed-price contracts

contracts, including software development,
and integration contracts, where the
performance obligations are satisfied over
time, are recognised using the percentage-
of-completion method. The performance
obligations are satisfied as and when the
services are rendered since the customer
generally obtains control of the work as IT
progresses. Percentage of completion is
elements of the contract can be made. Key
factors that are reviewed in estimating the
future costs to complete include estimates of
future labor costs and productivity efficiencies.
Because the financial reporting of these
contracts depends on estimates that are
assessed continually during the term of these
contracts, revenue recognised, profit and
contract progresses to completion. If the
progress of completion, revenue is recognised
only to the extent of costs incurred for which
estimates exceed revenues in an arrangement,
the estimated losses are recognised in the
consolidated statement of profit and loss in the
period in which such losses become probable
based on the current contract estimates as an
onerous contract provision.

A contract asset is a right to consideration
that is conditional upon factors other than the
passage of time. Contract assets primarily
relate to unbilled amounts on fixed-price
development contracts and are classified as
non-financial asset as the contractual right to
consideration is dependent on completion of
contractual milestones.

A contract liability is an entity s obligation to
transfer goods or services to a customer for
which the entity has received consideration (or
the amount is due) from the customer.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

Maintenance contracts

Revenues related to fixed-price
maintenance contracts are recognised
on a straight-line basis when services are
performed through an indefinite number
of repetitive acts over a specified period
or ratably using percentage of completion
method when the pattern of benefits from
the services rendered to the customers
and the cost to fulfil the contract is not even
through the period of contract because the
services are generally discrete in nature
and not repetitive.

Revenue for contracts in which the invoicing
is representative of the value being
delivered is recognised based on our right to
invoice. If our invoicing is not consistent with
value delivered, revenues are recognised
as the service is performed using the
percentage of completion method.

In certain projects, a fixed quantum of
service or output units is agreed at a fixed
price for a fixed term. In such contracts,
revenue is recognised with respect to
the actual output achieved till date as a
percentage of total contractual output. Any
residual service unutilised by the customer
is recognised as revenue on completion of
the term.

Revenues and costs are recognised as the
related services are rendered.

C. Products

Revenue on product sales are recognised
when the customer obtains control of the
specified product.

D. Others
Any change in scope or price is considered
to be a contract modification. The Company
accounts for modifications to existing
contracts by assessing whether the services
added are distinct and whether the pricing is at
the stand-alone selling price. Services added
that are not distinct are accounted for on a
cumulative catch up basis, while those that
are distinct are accounted for prospectively,
either as a separate contract if the additional
services are priced at the stand-alone selling
price, or as a termination of the existing
contract and creation of a new contract if not
priced at the stand-alone selling price.
The Company accounts for variable
considerations like, volume discounts,
rebates and pricing incentives to customers
and penalties as reduction of revenue on a
systematic and rational basis over the period
of the contract. The Company estimates
an amount of such variable consideration
using expected value method or the single
most likely amount in a range of possible
consideration depending on which method
better predicts the amount of consideration
to which the Company may be entitled and
when IT is probable that a significant reversal
of cumulative revenue recognised will not
occur when the uncertainty associated with
the variable consideration is resolved.
Revenues are shown net of allowances/
returns, sales tax, value added tax, goods and
services tax and applicable discounts.
The Company may enter into arrangements
with third party suppliers to resell products
or services. In such cases, the Company
evaluates whether the Company is the
principal (i.e. report revenues on a gross
basis) or agent (i.e. report revenues on a
net basis). In doing so, the Company first
evaluates whether the Company controls the
good or service before IT is transferred to the
customer. The Company considers whether IT
has the primary obligation to fulfil the contract,
inventory risk, pricing discretion and other
factors to determine whether IT controls the
goods or services and therefore, is acting as
a principal or agent. If the Company controls
the good or service before IT is transferred to
the customer, the Company is the principal; if
not, the Company is the agent.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Estimates of the Transaction Price and total costs
or efforts are continuously monitored over the
term of the contract and are recognised in net
profit in the period when these estimates change
or when the estimates are revised. Revenues and
the estimated total costs or efforts are subject to
revision as the contract progresses.
The Company accrues the estimated cost of
warranties at the time when the revenue is
recognised. The accruals are based on the
Company s historical experience of material
usage and service delivery costs.
Incremental costs that relate directly to a
contract and incurred in securing a contract with
a customer are recognised as an asset when the
Company expects to recover these costs.
The Company recognises contract fulfilment cost
as an asset if those costs specifically relate to a
contract or to an anticipated contract, the costs
generate or enhance resources that will be used
in satisfying performance obligations in future;
and the costs are expected to be recovered.
payments to customers are amortised to revenue
and other costs to obtain contracts and costs to
fulfill contracts are amortised to expenses over
the respective contract life on a systematic basis
consistent with the transfer of goods or services
to customer to which the asset relates.
The Company assesses the timing of the transfer
of goods or services to the customer as compared
to the timing of payments to determine whether
a significant financing component exists. As
a practical expedient, the Company does not
assess the existence of a significant financing
component when the difference between
payment and transfer of deliverables is twelve
months or less. If the difference in timing arises
for reasons other than the provision of finance to
either the customer or us, no financing component
is deemed to exist.
Unbilled receivables are classified as a financial
asset where the right to consideration is
unconditional and only the passage of time is
required before the payment is due.
(xv) Finance costs

Finance costs comprise interest on borrowings, interest
on lease liabilities, interest on tax matters, interest on
net defined benefit liability, net loss on translation or
in fair value of derivative instruments, gains/(losses) of
settlement of borrowing related derivative instruments
and interest on liability on written put options. Borrowing
costs that are not directly attributable to a qualifying
asset are recognised in the consolidated statement of
profit and loss using the effective interest method.
(xvi) Finance and other income

Finance and other income comprise interest income on
deposits, dividend income, gains/(losses) on disposal of
investments, gains/(losses) on investments classified as
FVTPL, net gain on translation or settlement of foreign
currency borrowings, changes in fair value and gains/
(losses) on settlement of related derivative instruments
and net gains/(losses) on sale of property, plant and
equipment. Interest income is recognised using the
effective interest method. Dividend income is recognised
when the right to receive payment is established.
(xvii) Income tax

Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income
tax expense is recognised in the consolidated statement
of profit and loss except to the extent IT relates to a
business combination, or items directly recognised in
equity or in other comprehensive income.

a) Current income tax

are measured at the amount expected to be
recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities
based on the taxable income for the period. The tax
rates and tax laws used to compute the current tax
amounts are those that are enacted or substantively
enacted as at the reporting date and applicable for
the period. While determining the tax provisions,
the Company assesses whether each uncertain
tax position is to be considered separately or
together with one or more uncertain tax positions
depending upon the nature and circumstances of
each uncertain tax position. The Company offsets
current tax assets and current tax liabilities, where

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
IT has a legally enforceable right to set off the
recognised amounts and where IT intends either
to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and
liability simultaneously.

b) Deferred income tax

Deferred income tax is recognised using the
balance sheet approach. Deferred income
tax assets and liabilities are recognised for
deductible and taxable temporary differences
arising between the tax base of assets and
liabilities and their carrying amount in these
consolidated financial statements, except when
the deferred income tax arises from the initial
recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in
a transaction that is not a business combination
and affects neither accounting nor taxable profits
or loss at the time of the transaction.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised to
the extent IT is probable that taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary
differences and the carry forward of unused tax
credits and unused tax losses can be utilised.

Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised
for all taxable temporary differences except in
respect of taxable temporary differences that is
expected to reverse within the tax holiday period,
taxable temporary differences associated with
investments in subsidiaries, associates and
foreign branches where the timing of the reversal
of the temporary difference can be controlled
and IT is probable that the temporary difference
will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred income tax
assets is reviewed at each reporting date and
reduced to the extent that IT is no longer probable
that sufficient taxable profit will be available to
allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset
to be utilised.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
measured at the tax rates that are expected to
apply in the period when the asset is realised or
the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax
laws) that have been enacted or substantively
enacted at the reporting date.

The Company offsets deferred income tax assets
and liabilities, where IT has a legally enforceable
right to offset current tax assets against current
tax liabilities, and they relate to taxes levied by
the same taxation authority on either the same
taxable entity, or on different taxable entities
where there is a right and an intention to settle
the current tax liabilities and assets on a net
basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be
realised simultaneously.
(xviii) Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is computed using
the weighted average number of equity shares
outstanding during the period adjusted for treasury
shares held. Diluted earnings per share is computed
using the weighted average number of equity and
dilutive equivalent shares outstanding during the
period, using the treasury stock method for options,
except where the results would be anti-dilutive.

equity shares are adjusted retrospectively for all
periods presented for any splits and bonus shares
issues including for change effected prior to the
approval of the consolidated financial statements by
the Company s Board of Directors.
(xix) Statement of cash flows

with investing or financing cash flows. The cash
generated from/(used in) operating, investing and
financing activities of the Company are segregated.

and interpretations adopted by the
Company effective from April 1, 2025

Amendments to Ind AS 21 - The Effects of changes
in foreign exchange rates

The amendment clarifies how an entity should assess
whether a currency is exchangeable and how IT should
determine a spot exchange rate when exchangeability

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
is lacking, as well as require the disclosure of information
that enables users of financial statements to understand
the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. These
beginning on or after April 1, 2025. The adoption of
amendments to Ind AS 21 did not have any material impact
on the consolidated financial statements.

Amendments to Ind AS 1 - Presentation of Financial
statements

On August 13, 2025, the MCA has issued Classification
of liabilities as current or non -current and non-current
liabilities with covenants (Amendments to Ind AS 1) The
amendments aim to promote consistency in applying
the requirements by helping companies to determine
whether, in the statement of financial position, debt and
other liabilities with an uncertain settlement date should
be classified as current (due or potentially due to be
settled within one year) or non-current. The amendments
also clarified the classification requirements for debt a
company might settle by converting IT into equity. These
beginning on or after April 1, 2025, and are to be applied
retrospectively. The adoption of these amendments to Ind
AS 1 did not have any material impact on the consolidated

Amendments to Ind AS 7 - Statement of cash flows
and ind AS 107 - Financial instruments

On August 13, 2025, MCA issued 'Supplier Finance
Arrangements (Amendments to Ind AS 7 and Ind AS
107) , that require companies to disclose information
about its supplier finance arrangements that enables
users of financial statements to assess the effects of those
arrangements on the companies liabilities and cash flows
and on the companies exposure to liquidity risk. These
beginning on or after April 1, 2025 and are to be applied
retrospectively. The adoption of these amendments to Ind
AS 7 and Ind AS 107 did not have any material impact on
the consolidated financial statements.

Amendments to Ind AS 12 - Income taxes

On August 13, 2025, the MCA issued International Tax
Reform - Pillar Two Model Rules - Amendments to Ind AS
12 Income Taxes to clarify the application of Ind AS 12 to
income taxes arising from tax law enacted or substantively
enacted to implement the Organisation for Economic Co-
operation and Development (OECD), including tax law
that implements qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes
described in those rules.

The Company has applied the temporary exception from
the accounting requirements for deferred taxes in Ind
AS 12. Accordingly, the Company neither recognised,
nor disclosed information about deferred tax assets and
liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes.

New accounting standards, amendments and
interpretations not yet adopted:

Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( MCA ) notifies new
standards or amendments to the existing standards
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)
Rules as issued from time to time. For the year ended
March 31, 2026, MCA has not notified any new standards
or amendments to the existing standards applicable to

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
4. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Land
Buildings
Plant and
equipment(1)
Furniture
fixtures
Office
Vehicles
Total
As at April 1, 2025
H 4,373
H 52,360
H 99,474
H 19,479
H 7,663
H 34
H 183,383
Additions
-
9,253
1,795
12,711
Additions through Business
combination (Refer to Note 8)
-
Disposals
-
(821)
(14,979)
(1,449)
(720)
(2)
(17,971)
Translation adjustment
3,182
4,071
As at March 31, 2026
K 4,404
K 53,033
K 97,039
K 20,117
K 7,926
K 37
K 182,556
Accumulated depreciation/
As at April 1, 2025
H -
H 12,801
H 73,379
H 12,890
H 5,823
H 17
H 104,910
-
1,848
9,669
2,387
14,595
Disposals
-
(695)
(14,730)
(1,245)
(697)
(1)
(17,368)
Translation adjustment
-
2,670
3,195
As at March 31, 2026
K -
K 14,165
K 70,988
K 14,229
K 5,928
K 22
K 105,332
March 31, 2026
K 4,404
K 38,868
K 26,051
K 5,888
K 1,998
K 15
K 77,224
As at April 1, 2024
H 4,375
H 46,828
H 102,433
H 18,136
H 7,514
H 34
H 179,320
Additions
-
6,215
10,623
3,143
20,934
Additions through Business
combinations (Refer to Note 8)
-
Disposals
(6)
(680)
(13,668)
(1,803)
(793)
(9)
(16,959)
Translation adjustment
(3)
(1)
As at March 31, 2025
K 4,373
K 52,360
K 99,474
K 19,479
K 7,663
K 34
K 183,383
Accumulated depreciation/
As at April 1, 2024
I -
H11,579
H 75,469
H 12,188
H 5,934
H 22
H105,192
-
1,662
11,050
2,229
15,568
Disposals
-
(410)
(13,189)
(1,526)
(730)
(8)
(15,863)
Translation adjustment
-
(30)
(1)
(4)
(1)
As at March 31, 2025
K -
K 12,801
K 73,379
K 12,890
K 5,823
K 17
K 104,910
March 31, 2025
K 4,373
K 39,559
K 26,095
K 6,589
K 1,840
K 17
K 78,473
(1) Including net carrying value of computer equipment and software amounting to I 16,719 and I 16,003 as at March 31, 2026 and 2025 respectively.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
5. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
Land
Buildings
Plant and
Vehicles
Total
As at April 1, 2025
I 1,122
I 35,038
I 5,445
I 740
I 42,345
Additions
-
7,697
-
7,930
Additions through Business combination (Refer to Note 8)
-
1,062
-
1,062
Disposals
-
(5,385)
(959)
(204)
(6,548)
Translation adjustment
-
2,062
2,790
As at March 31, 2026
K 1,122
K 40,474
K 5,079
K 904
K 47,579
Accumulated depreciation
As at April 1, 2025
I 106
I 14,904
I 1,356
I 381
I 16,747
Depreciation
5,611
6,725
Disposals
-
(4,421)
(936)
(156)
(5,513)
Translation adjustment
-
1,054
1,333
As at March 31, 2026
K 125
K 17,148
K 1,502
K 517
K 19,292
K 997
K 23,326
K 3,577
K 387
K 28,287
As at April 1, 2024
H 1,343
H 28,453
H 2,242
H 849
H 32,887
Additions
-
10,822
3,735
14,785
Disposals
(221)
(4,389)
(632)
(354)
(5,596)
Translation adjustment
-
As at March 31, 2025
K 1,122
K 35,038
K 5,445
K 740
K 42,345
Accumulated depreciation
As at April 1, 2024
H 98
H 13,237
H 1,086
H 511
H 14,932
Depreciation
5,362
6,102
Disposals
(13)
(3,776)
(303)
(319)
(4,411)
Translation adjustment
-
As at March 31, 2025
K 106
K 14,904
K 1,356
K 381
K 16,747
K 1,016
K 20,134
K 4,089
K 359
K 25,598
The Company recognised the following expenses in the consolidated statement of profit and loss:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Rent expense recognised under facility expenses pertaining to:

I 309
I 232

3,304
3,842
K 3,613
K 4,074

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Payments toward leases of low-value assets and Short-term leases are disclosed under operating activities in the
consolidated statement of cash flows. All other lease payments during the period are disclosed under financing activities
in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
Income from subleasing RoU assets for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 is not material.
The Company is committed to certain leases amounting to H 999 which have not commenced as of March 31, 2026. The
term of such leases ranges from 1 to 5 years.
Lease liability
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 30,218
I 22,728
Additions
11,680
16,649
Additions through Business combinations
1,062
-
Deletions
(1,268)
(967)
1,956
1,593
(11,561)
(10,474)
Translation adjustment
2,949
K 35,036
K 30,218

Non-current
K 26,327
K 22,193

Current
8,709
8,025
Refer to Note 10 for remaining contractual maturities of lease liabilities.
6. CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS ("CWIP")
The following table represents ageing of CWIP as on March 31, 2026:
Less than
More than
Total
I 3,322
I 450
I 350
-
I 4,122
Total
K 3,322
K 450
K 350
K -
K 4,122
The following table represents ageing of CWIP as on March 31, 2025:
Less than
More than
Total
I 1,575
I 389
I -
I -
I 1,964
Total
K 1,575
K 389
K -
K -
K 1,964
As on March 31, 2026 and 2025, there are no projects under CWIP whose completion is overdue compared to its
original plan.
As on March 31, 2026 and 2025, there are no projects under CWIP where the project costs has exceeded as compared
to its original plan.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
7. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 320,346
H 311,449
Acquisition through Business combinations (Refer to Note 8)(1)
24,772
1,324
Translation adjustment
37,096
7,573
K 382,214
K 320,346
(1) Acquisition through business combinations for the year ended March 31, 2026 is after considering the impact of H 7 towards measurement period changes in
the purchase price allocation of acquisitions made during the year ended March 31, 2025.
The Company is organised into two operating segments: IT Services and IT Products (Refer to Note 35). Goodwill as at March 31,
2026 and 2025 has been allocated to the IT Services operating segment.
Goodwill recognised on business combinations is allocated to Cash Generating Units ( CGUs ), within the IT Services operating
segment, which are expected to benefit from the synergies of the acquisitions.
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
CGUs

Americas 1
I 132,734
H 107,989
Americas 2
120,053
104,347
Europe
94,192
79,982
Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa
35,235
28,028
K 382,214
K 320,346
For impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to a CGU representing the lowest level within the Group at which goodwill is monitored
for internal management purposes, and which is not higher than the Company s operating segment. Goodwill is tested for
impairment at least annually in accordance with the Company s procedure for determining the recoverable value of each CGU.
market capitalisation approach, using the turnover and earnings multiples derived from observable market data. The fair value
measurement is categorised as a level 2 fair value based on the inputs in the valuation techniques used.
Based on the above testing, no impairment was identified as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, as the recoverable value of the CGUs
exceeded the carrying value. A sensitivity analysis to the change in the key parameters (turnover and earnings multiples) did not
identify any probable scenarios where the CGU s recoverable amount would fall below its carrying amount.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
The movement in other intangible assets is given below:
Customer-related
Marketing-related
Total
As at April 1, 2025
I 42,461
I 9,722
I 52,183
Acquisition through Business combination (Refer to Note 8)
5,644
1,109
6,753
Deductions/adjustments
(4,420)
-
(4,420)
Translation adjustment
4,387
1,122
5,509
As at March 31, 2026
K 48,072
K 11,953
K 60,025
Accumulated amortisation/ impairment:
As at April 1, 2025
I 20,950
I 3,783
I 24,733
Amortisation and impairment (1)
6,599
1,188
7,787
Deductions/adjustments
(4,420)
-
(4,420)
Translation adjustment
2,252
2,749
As at March 31, 2026
K 25,381
K 5,468
K 30,849
K 22,691
K 6,485
K 29,176
As at April 1, 2024
H 43,672
H 11,972
H 55,644
Acquisition through Business combinations (Refer to Note 8)
1,896
-
1,896
Deductions/adjustments
(4,101)
(2,518)
(6,619)
Translation adjustment
1,262
As at March 31, 2025
K 42,461
K 9,722
K 52,183
Accumulated amortisation/ impairment:
As at April 1, 2024
H 18,281
H 4,615
H 22,896
Amortisation and impairment(1)
6,327
1,582
7,909
Deductions/adjustments
(4,101)
(2,518)
(6,619)
Translation adjustment
As at March 31, 2025
K 20,950
K 3,783
K 24,733
K 21,511
K 5,939
K 27,450
(1) During the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, a decline in the revenue and earnings estimates led to a revision of recoverable value of customer-
relationship intangible assets and marketing related intangible assets recognised on business combinations. Consequently, the Company has
recognised impairment charge H 851 and H 1,155 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, as part of amortisation and impairment.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2026, the net carrying value and the estimated remaining amortisation period for intangible assets acquired
on acquisition are as follows:
Acquisition
Net carrying
Estimated
remaining
amortisation
period
Capco - customer-related intangible
I 14,013
4.08 years
Capco - marketing-related intangible
5,230
5.08 years
DTS - customer-related intangible
5,650
5.67 years
DTS - marketing-related intangible
1,045
2.67 years
AVT
1,602 0.21 - 4.72 years
430 0.50 - 3.50 years
Aggne
392 0.87 - 1.87 years
Rational Interaction, Inc.
0.89 years
Eximius Design, LLC
1.40 years
Convergence Acceleration Solutions, LLC
2.03 years
Total
K 29,176
8. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
Summary of acquisitions during the year ended March 31, 2026:
During the year ended March 31, 2026, the Company completed a business combination by acquiring 100% equity interest in
Digital Transformation Solutions unit of Harman International Inc. which is Harman Connected Services Inc. and its subsidiaries
and certain other assets (together, DTS ), a global provider of Engineering, Research and Development ( ER&D ) services and
IT services. The acquisition was consummated on December 1, 2025, for total cash consideration of I 34,044.
Net assets
I 3,017
1,062
5,644
1,109
(1,915)
K 9,279
Goodwill
24,765
K 34,044
Net Assets include
I 8,011
3,066

3,225

(159)
Amount included in legal and professional charges:
Transaction costs
I 230
The above purchase price allocation for DTS is provisional and will be finalised as soon as practicable within the measurement
period, but in no event later than one year following the date of acquisition.
The goodwill of H 24,765 comprises value of acquired workforce and expected synergies arising from the business combinations.
Goodwill is allocated to IT Services segment and is not deductible for income tax purposes.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
The pro-forma effects of acquisition of DTS for the year ended March 31, 2026, on the Company s results were not material.
Summary of acquisition during the year ended March 31, 2025:
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company completed a business combination by acquiring a 100% equity
interest in Applied Value Technologies, Inc. and Applied Value Technologies B.V., which was consummated on December
16, 2024. The Company has also acquired a 100% equity interest in Applied Value Technologies Pte Limited (together
with Applied Value Technologies, Inc. and Applied Value Technologies B.V., AVT ), which was consummated on January
3, 2025. AVT helps enterprises transform IT operations through a highly customised and data-driven approach. AVT will
augment Wipro s existing application services capabilities, helping drive new growth opportunities. The total consideration
(upfront cash to acquire control, deferred consideration and contingent consideration) for the acquisition is H 2,836. During
the year ended March 31, 2026, the Company finalised the purchase price allocation as set for the below:
Net assets
H 166
1,896
(566)
K 1,505
Goodwill
1,331
K 2,836
Net Assets include
H 113

-
Amount included in legal and professional charges:
Transaction costs
H 45
The goodwill of I 1,331 comprises value of acquired workforce and expected synergies arising from the business
The total consideration for AVT included a deferred consideration of I 264, which was payable within six months from the
consummation date and was subsequently settled.
The total consideration of AVT includes a contingent consideration linked to achievement of revenues and earnings over a
period of 3 years ending December 31, 2027, and range of contingent consideration payable is between I Nil and I 2,122.
The fair value of the contingent consideration is estimated by applying the discounted cash-flow approach considering
probability adjusted revenue and earnings estimates. The undiscounted fair value of contingent consideration is I 2,122 as
at the date of acquisition. The discounted fair value of contingent consideration of I 1,537 is recorded as part of purchase
price allocation.
The pro-forma effects of the acquisition of AVT for the year ended March 31, 2025 on the Company s revenues and profits
were not material.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
9. INVESTMENTS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
Financial instruments at FVTPL

Equity instruments - unquoted (1)
I 7,336
H 4,955

-
1,203
Financial instruments at FVTOCI

Equity instruments - unquoted (1)
12,107
12,436

Equity instruments - quoted
Inter corporate and term deposits - unquoted (3)
8,574
7,807
K 28,053
K 26,458
I 36
H 57
28,017
26,401
Current
Financial instruments at FVTPL

Short-term mutual funds - unquoted (2)
I 79,719
I 88,776

1,281
Financial instruments at FVTOCI
Non-convertible debentures - quoted
210,328
219,389
Government securities - quoted
8,948
10,651
Commercial papers - quoted
14,227
2,858
Bonds - quoted
10,385
21,138

Inter corporate and term deposits - unquoted (3)
112,792
68,362
K 437,680
K 411,474
I 243,888
I 254,036
193,792
157,138
Financial instruments at FVTPL
I 88,336
I 95,234
Financial instruments at FVTOCI
256,031
266,529
121,366
76,169
Total Investment
K 465,733
K 437,932
(1) Uncalled capital commitments outstanding as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, was I 2,577 and I 1,576, respectively.
(2) As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, short-term mutual funds include units placed on lien with bank on account of margin money for currency derivatives amounting
to I Nil and I 233, respectively.
(3) These deposits earn a fixed rate of interest. As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, term deposits include deposits in lien with banks, held as margin money deposits
against guarantees amounting to I 961 and I 953, respectively.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Investments accounted for using the equity method
During the year ended March 31, 2026, the Company invested H 352 being equity contribution in Drivestream Inc, an
associate. The Company s share of equity in the associate is 43.7%.
The Company had no material associate and joint venture as at March 31, 2026 and 2025.
The aggregate summarised financial information in respect of the Company s immaterial associate and joint venture
that are accounted for using the equity method is set forth below:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Carrying amount of the Company s interest in:

An associate accounted for using the equity method
(Unquoted: Series A Preferred Stock - 94,527; Common stock - 27,865 and Series B
Preferred Stock - 190,525 and Series C Preferred stock - 400)
I 1,716
H 933

A joint venture accounted for using the equity method
(Unquoted: Class A units - 5,850,000)
Total
K 2,126
K 1,327
March 31, 2026
March 31, 2025
Company s share of net profit/(loss) in the consolidated statement of profit and
loss pertaining to:

An associate accounted for using the equity method
I 282
H 129

A joint venture accounted for using the equity method
(25)
Total
K 257
K 254
10. Financial instruments
Fair value
Amortised
Total
Mandatory
Designated
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to Note 15)
I -
I -
I -
I 105,555
I 105,555
Investments (Refer to Note 9)
Equity Instruments
7,336
-
12,143
-
19,479
1,281
-
1,281
79,719
-
79,719
-
210,328
-
210,328
Government securities
-
8,948
-
8,948
Commercial papers
-
14,227
-
14,227
Bonds
-
10,385
-
10,385
-
121,366

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Fair value
Amortised
Total
Mandatory
Designated
Trade receivables (Refer to Note 11)
-
136,250
Unbilled receivables
-
84,256
-
16,504
Derivative assets (Refer to Note 10)
-
K 88,631
K 243,888
K 12,736
K 463,931
K 809,186
Financial liabilities

Trade payables (Refer to Note 21)
I-
I -
I -
I 67,288
I 67,288

Other financial liabilities (Refer to Note 18)
1,634
-
48,496
50,130
Borrowings (Refer to Note 17)
-
167,874
Lease liabilities
-
35,036
Derivative liabilities (Refer to Note 10)
1,453
-
9,525
-
10,978
K 3,087
K -
K 9,525
K 318,694
K 331,306
Fair value
Amortised
Total
Mandatory
Designated
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to Note 15)
H -
H -
H -
H 121,974
H 121,974
Investments (Refer to Note 9)
Equity Instruments
4,955
-
12,493
-
17,448
1,503
-
1,503
88,776
-
88,776
-
219,389
-
219,389
Government securities
-
10,651
-
10,651
Commercial papers
-
2,858
-
2,858
Bonds
-
21,138
-
21,138
-
76,169
Trade receivables (Refer to Note 11)
-
118,044
Unbilled receivables
-
64,280
-
13,112
Derivative assets (Refer to Note 10)
1,105
-
1,820
K 96,339
K 254,036
K 13,208
K 393,579
K 757,162
Financial liabilities
Trade payables (Refer to Note 21)
H -
H -
H -
H 58,667
H 58,667
Other financial liabilities (Refer to Note 18)
1,864
-
39,392
41,256
Borrowings (Refer to Note 17)
-
161,817
Lease liabilities
-
30,218
Derivative liabilities (Refer to Note 10)
-
H 1,939
H -
H 893
H 290,094
H 292,926

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
Financial assets
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Gross
Gross
Net
Gross
Gross
Net
Trade receivables - non-current
I 349
I -
I 349
I 299
H -
H 299
Trade receivables - current
147,371
(11,470)
135,901
126,512
(8,767)
117,745
6,259
-
6,259
4,664
-
4,664
10,245
-
10,245
8,448
-
8,448
7,433
-
7,433
77,802
(979)
76,823
66,194
(1,914)
64,280
K 249,459
K (12,449)
K 237,010
K 206,117
K (10,681)
K 195,436
Financial liabilities
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Gross
Gross
Net
Gross
Gross
Net
Trade payables - non-current
I 4,394
I -
I 4,394
H -
H -
H -
Trade payables - current
I 75,343
I (12,449)
62,894
69,348
(10,681)
58,667
Other financial liabilities - non-current
6,743
I -
6,743
7,793
-
7,793
43,387
-
43,387
33,463
-
33,463
K 129,867
K (12,449)
K 117,418
K 110,604
K (10,681)
K 99,923
For the financial assets and liabilities subject to offsetting or similar arrangements, each agreement between the Company
and the counterparty allows for net settlement of the relevant financial assets and liabilities when both elect to settle on
a net basis. In the absence of such an election, financial assets and liabilities will be settled on a gross basis and hence
Fair value
Financial assets and liabilities include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, unbilled receivables, finance lease
receivables, employee and other advances, eligible current and non-current assets, borrowings, lease liabilities, trade
payables, eligible current and non-current liabilities.
The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, unbilled receivables, short-term borrowings, lease liabilities,
trade payables, other current financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amount largely due to the short-term
nature of these instruments. Finance lease receivables are periodically evaluated based on individual credit worthiness
of customers. Based on this evaluation, the Company records allowance for estimated credit losses on these receivables.
As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, the carrying value of such financial assets, net of allowances, and liabilities approximates
the fair value.
The Company s Unsecured Notes 2026 are contracted at fixed coupon rate of 1.50% and market yield on these loans as of
March 31, 2026, was 4.48%.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Investments in short-term mutual funds and fixed maturity plan mutual funds, which are classified as FVTPL are measured using
net asset values at the reporting date multiplied by the quantity held. Fair value of investments in non-convertible debentures,
government securities, commercial papers and bonds classified as FVTOCI is determined based on the indicative quotes of price
and yields prevailing in the market at the reporting date. Fair value of investments in equity instruments classified as FVTOCI or
The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined based on observable market inputs including currency spot and
The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have been defined
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e.
There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025.
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Assets
Derivative instruments
K 593
I-
I 593
I-
K 715
I-
I 715
I-
Others
-
1,105
-
1,105
-
Investments
79,719
-
88,776
-
1,281
-
1,281
-
1,503
-
1,503
-
Equity instruments
19,479
-
19,443
17,448
-
17,391
Non-convertible debentures,
government securities, commercial
papers and bonds
243,888
8,854
235,034
-
254,036
10,550
243,486
-
Liabilities
Derivative instruments

K (9,525)
I-
I (9,525)
I-
K (893)
H-
H (893)
H-

Others
(1,453)
-
(1,453)
-
(75)
-
(75)
-
Liability on written put options to non-
controlling interests
(5,699)
-
(5,699)
(4,945)
-
(4,945)
Contingent consideration
(1,634)
-
(1,634)
(1,864)
-
(1,864)

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Financial Instrument
counterparties, primarily banks with investment grade credit ratings.
Derivatives valued using valuation techniques with market observable
inputs are mainly interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forward
contracts and foreign exchange option contracts. The most frequently
applied valuation techniques include forward pricing, swap models
and Black Scholes models (for option valuation), using present value
calculations. The models incorporate various inputs including the
credit quality of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward
rates, interest rate curves and forward rate curves of the underlying.
As at March 31, 2026, the changes in counterparty credit risk had no
material effect on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives
designated in hedge relationships and other financial instruments
recognised at fair value.
government securities, commercial papers and bonds
Fair value of these instruments is derived based on the indicative
quotes of price and yields prevailing in the market as at reporting date.
Investment in fixed maturity plan mutual funds
Fair value of these instruments is derived based on indicative quotes of
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the Level 3 financial instruments
included in the above table.
Financial instrument
Fair value of these instruments is determined using market approach primarily
based on market multiples method.
Contingent consideration and liability on
written put options to non-controlling interest
Fair value of these instruments is determined using valuation techniques which
includes inputs relating to risk-adjusted revenue and operating profit forecast.
The following table presents the changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities for the year ended March 31, 2026 and 2025:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 17,391
H 20,126
Additions
2,038
1,925
Disposals(1)(2)
(1,199)
(1,828)
Gain/(loss) recognised in consolidated statement of profit and loss
Gain/(loss) recognised in other comprehensive income
(1,431)
(3,609)
Translation adjustment
1,876
K 19,443
K 17,391
(1) During the year ended March 31, 2026, as a result of an acquisition by another investors, the Company sold its shares of equity instruments in
three companies at a fair value of H 585 and recognised a cumulative gain of H 389 in other comprehensive income and cumulative loss of H 138 in
(2) During the year ended March 31, 2025, as a result of an acquisition by another investors, the Company sold its shares of equity instruments in
six companies at a fair value of H 1,281 and recognised a cumulative loss of H 175 in other comprehensive income and cumulative gain of H 152 in

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Contingent consideration
I (1,864)
I (429)
(Addition)/Reversals (1)
(49)
Addition through Business combination (Refer to Note 8)
-
(1,537)
Payouts
-
Finance costs recognised in consolidated statement of profit and loss
(195)
(47)
Translation adjustment
(174)
(20)
K (1,634)
K (1,864)
(1) Towards change in fair value of earn-out liability as a result of changes in estimates of revenue and earnings over the
earn-out period.
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Liability on written put options to non-controlling interests
I (4,945)
H (4,303)
Finance costs recognised in consolidated statement of profit and loss
(585)
(530)
Changes in fair value of written put options
-
Translation adjustment
(554)
(112)
K (5,699)
K (4,945)
As at March 2026 and 2025, every 1% increase/decrease in the unobservable inputs used to estimate the fair value of investment
in equity instruments, fair value of contingent consideration and liability on written put options to non-controlling interests, does
not have a material impact on its fair value.
The Company is exposed to currency fluctuations on foreign currency assets/liabilities, forecasted cash flows denominated
in foreign currency and net investment in foreign operations. The Company is also exposed to interest rate fluctuations on
investments in floating rate financial assets and floating rate borrowings. The Company follows established risk management
policies, including the use of derivatives to hedge foreign currency assets/liabilities, interest rates, foreign currency forecasted
cash flows and net investment in foreign operations. The counterparties in these derivative instruments are primarily banks and

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
The following table presents the aggregate contracted principal amounts of the Company's derivative contracts
outstanding:
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Notional
Fair value
Notional
Fair value
Designated derivative
Sell: Forward contracts
U.S.$
2,475
(8,574)
U.S.$
1,008
H
(608)
€
H
€
H
£
H
£
H
AUD
H
(20)
AUD
H
Buy: Forward contracts
U.S.$
H
U.S.$
-
H
-

Range forward option
U.S.$
H
(1,497)
U.S.$
H
€
H
€
H
(55)
£
H
£
H
(89)
AUD
H
(32)
AUD
H
Interest rate swaps
U.S.$
-
H
-
U.S.$
H
Non-designated
derivative instruments
Sell: Forward contracts (1)
U.S.$
H
(1,581)
U.S.$
H
€
H
€
H
(27)
£
H
£
H
(14)
AUD
H
AUD
H
SGD
H
SGD
H
ZAR
H
ZAR
H
(13)
CAD
H
CAD
H
SAR
H
^
SAR
H
(4)
QAR
H
^
QAR
H
^
TRY
H
TRY
H
NOK
H
NOK
-
H
-
OMR
H
^
OMR
H
^
JPY
1,220
H
JPY
H
(13)
DKK
-
H
-
DKK
H
(11)
CNH
-
H
-
CNH
H
(1)
COP
8,120
H
(3)
COP
8,120
H
MYR
H
MYR
H
RON
-
H
-
RON
H
(1)
HKD
H
^
HKD
H
^
TWD
H
TWD
H
^
CHF
H
CHF
H
(3)
PHP
-
H
-
PHP
H
(4)
THB
H
(2)
THB
H
PLN
H
PLN
H
BRL
H
(18)
BRL
H
(2)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Notional
Fair value
Notional
Fair value
Buy: Forward contracts
U.S.$
H
U.S.$
H
(25)
€
H
(162)
€
H
£
H
(16)
£
H
AUD
-
H
-
AUD
H
(2)
CAD
H
(11)
CAD
H
(40)
QAR
H
^
QAR
H
^
CNH
H
(7)
CNH
H
(1)
RON
H
(12)
RON
H
PLN
H
(43)
PLN
H
SEK
H
(7)
SEK
H
BRL
H
BRL
H
JPY
H
(1)
JPY
H
DKK
H
^
DKK
H
(1)
THB
H
(6)
THB
H
(5)
CRC
2,300
H
(7)
CRC
1,871
H
^
PHP
H
(2)
PHP
H
PEN
-
H
-
PEN
H
^
LKR
1,693
H
(2)
LKR
1,100
H
(1)
CLP
2,900
H
(3)
CLP
2,900
H
(5)
BHD
H
^
BHD
H
^
OMR
^
H
^
OMR
^
H
^
HKD
-
H
-
HKD
H
(5)
SGD
-
H
-
SGD
H
(3)
MYR
H
(4)
MYR
H
^
MXN
H
(14)
MXN
H
(1)
AED
H
^
AED
-
H
-
SAR
H
^
SAR
-
H
-
KRW
6,400
H
(8)
KRW
-
H
-
K
(10,090)
K
(1) U.S.$ 944 and U.S.$ 752 includes U.S.$/PHP sell forward of U.S.$ 242 and U.S.$ 197 as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
The Company determines the existence of an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged
item based on the currency, amount and timing of its forecasted cash flows. Hedge effectiveness is determined at the
inception of the hedge relationship, and through periodic prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an
economic relationship exists between the hedged item and hedging instrument, including whether the hedging instrument
is expected to offset changes in cash flows of hedged items.
If the hedge ratio for risk management purposes is no longer optimal but the risk management objective remains
unchanged and the hedge continues to qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationship will be rebalanced by
adjusting either the volume of the hedging instrument or the volume of the hedged item so that the hedge ratio aligns with
the ratio used for risk management purposes. Any hedge ineffectiveness is calculated and accounted for in consolidated
statement of profit and loss at the time of the hedge relationship rebalancing.
The following table summaries activity in the cash flow hedging reserve within equity related to all derivative instruments
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31,2025
I (275)
H 773

(13,440)
(1,185)

(1,174)
(91)

Net (gain)/loss reclassified to consolidated statement of profit and loss on
occurrence of hedged transactions (1)
5,163

Ineffective portion of derivative instruments classified to consolidated statement of
profit and loss
-

Ineffective portion of derivative instruments classified to consolidated statement of
profit and loss
-
K (9,444)
K (1,048)
K (9,719)
K (275)
2,320
K (7,399)
K (210)
(1) Includes net (gain)/loss reclassified to revenue of H 6,093 and H 394 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively; net (gain)/loss reclassified
to employee benefits expense of H (877) and H (51) for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively; net (gain)/loss reclassified to finance costs of
H (53) and H (213) for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively and net (gain)/loss reclassified to other income of H Nil and H 73 for the
years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.
The related hedge transactions for balance in cash flow hedging reserves as at March 31, 2026 are expected to occur
and be reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit and loss over a period of 12 months.
As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, there were no material gains or losses on derivative transactions or portions thereof that
have become ineffective as hedges or associated with an underlying exposure that did not occur.
From time to time, in the normal course of business, the Company transfers accounts receivables, unbilled receivables,
net investment in finance lease receivables (financial assets) to banks. Under the terms of the arrangements, the Company
either substantially transfers its risks and rewards or surrenders control over the financial assets and transfer is without
recourse. Accordingly, on such transfers the financial assets are derecognised and considered as sale of financial assets.
Gains and losses on sale of the financial assets without recourse are recorded in finance costs, at the time of sale based
on the carrying value of the financial assets and fair value of servicing liability. The incremental impact of such transactions
on our cash flow and liquidity for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 is not material.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Market Risk
Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings, to fair values or to future cash flows that may result from a change in the price of a
financial instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency
exchange rates and other market changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments. Market risk is attributable to all market
risk sensitive financial instruments including investments, foreign currency receivables, payables and borrowings.
The Company s exposure to market risk is a function of investment and borrowing activities and revenue generating activities
in foreign currency. The objective of market risk management is to avoid excessive exposure of the Company s earnings and
equity to losses.
Risk Management Procedures
The Company manages market risk through a corporate treasury department, which evaluates and exercises independent control
over the entire process of market risk management. The corporate treasury department recommends risk management objectives
and policies, which are approved by our senior management and the Company s Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee. The
activities of this department include management of cash resources, implementing hedging strategies for foreign currency
exposures, borrowing strategies, and ensuring compliance with market risk limits and policies.
The Company operates internationally, and a major portion of its business is transacted in several currencies. Consequently,
the Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk through receiving payment for sales and services in the United States and
elsewhere and making purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The exchange rate risk primarily arises
from foreign exchange revenue, receivables, cash balances, forecasted cash flows, payables and foreign currency borrowings.
A significant portion of the Company s revenue is in the U.S. Dollars, Pound Sterling, Euro, Indian Rupee, Australian Dollars and
Canadian Dollars, while a large portion of costs are in Indian Rupees. The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and these
currencies has fluctuated significantly in recent years and may continue to fluctuate in the future. Appreciation of the Indian Rupee
against these currencies can adversely affect the Company s results of operations.
The Company evaluates exchange rate exposure arising from these transactions and enters into foreign currency derivative
instruments to mitigate such exposure. The Company follows established risk management policies, including the use of
derivatives like foreign exchange forward/option contracts to hedge forecasted cash flows denominated in foreign currency.
The Company has designated certain derivative instruments as cash flow hedges to mitigate the foreign exchange exposure of
forecasted highly probable cash flows.
As at March 31, 2026, a H 1 increase in the spot exchange rate of the Indian Rupee with the U.S. Dollar would result in an
approximately H 2,756 (including consolidated statement of profit and loss of H 683 and other comprehensive income of H 2,073)
decrease in the fair value, and a H 1 decrease would result in an approximately H 2,743 (including consolidated statement of profit
and loss of H 683 and other comprehensive income of H 2,060) increase in the fair value of foreign currency dollar denominated
derivative instruments (forward and option contracts).

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
The below table presents foreign currency risk from non-derivative financial assets/(liabilities) as at March 31, 2026
and 2025:
As at March 31, 2026
U.S.$
Euro
Pound
Sterling
Australian
Dollar
Canadian
Dollar
Other
Total
Trade receivables
I 51,190
I 13,487
I 9,294
I 2,680
I 577
I 4,851
I 82,079
Unbilled receivables
31,242
5,721
7,329
2,091
1,027
3,217
50,627
13,500
7,233
3,029
1,687
7,333
3,268
36,050
8,960
1,591
12,097
Lease liabilities
(4,057)
(3,278)
(2,828)
(80)
(25)
(998)
(11,266)
(43,925)
(16,064)
(16,144)
(2,875)
(3,203)
(7,169)
(89,380)
Non-derivative financials
assets/ (liabilities), net
K 56,910
K 8,690
K 1,070
K 3,596
K 5,865
K 4,076
K 80,207
(1) Other currencies reflect currencies such as Singapore Dollar, Swiss Franc, Polish Zloty, United Arab Emirates Dirham and Swedish Krona.
As at March 31, 2025
U.S.$
Euro
Pound
Sterling
Australian
Dollar
Canadian
Dollar
Other
Total
Trade receivables
H 39,306
H 12,470
H 7,611
H 1,942
H 629
H 4,195
H 66,153
Unbilled receivables
23,341
4,383
4,227
1,622
2,179
36,335
28,719
5,871
1,357
1,007
4,392
2,575
43,921
1,187
1,504
4,467
Lease liabilities
(2,625)
(2,894)
(2,402)
(259)
(72)
(1,104)
(9,356)
(32,507)
(12,735)
(10,683)
(1,220)
(1,068)
(4,435)
(62,648)
Non-derivative financials
assets/ (liabilities), net
K 57,019
K 8,282
K 463
K 3,629
K 4,565
K 4,914
K 78,872
(1) Other currencies reflect currencies such as Saudi Riyal, Swiss Franc, Singapore Dollar, United Arab Emirates Dirham and Polish Zloty.
As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, every 1% increase/decrease in the respective foreign currencies compared to
functional currency of the Company would increase/decrease the Company s profit before taxes by approximately H 802 and
H 789, respectively.
Interest rate risk primarily arises from floating rate borrowings, including various revolving and other lines of credit.
The Company s investments are primarily in short-term investments, which do not expose IT to significant interest rate risk.
Interest rate risk primarily arises from floating rate borrowing, including various revolving and other lines of credit. If interest
rates were to increase by 100 bps as on March 31, 2026, additional net annual interest expense on floating rate borrowing
would amount to approximately H 799. Certain borrowings are also transacted at fixed interest rates.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Credit risk
this, the Company periodically assesses the credit rating and financial reliability of customers, considering the financial
condition, current economic trends, forward-looking macroeconomic information, analysis of historical bad debts
and ageing of accounts receivable. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable as of
March 31, 2026 and 2025, and revenues for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025. There is no significant concentration of
credit risk.
Trade receivables and unbilled receivables are written off where there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that
there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a customer to engage in a repayment plan
with the Company.
Refer to Note 11 for changes in the allowances for lifetime expected credit loss.
Counterparty risk
Counterparty risk encompasses issuer risk on marketable securities, settlement risk on derivative and money market contracts
and credit risk on cash and time deposits. Issuer risk is minimised by only buying securities in India which are at least AA rated by
Indian rating agencies. Settlement and credit risk is reduced by the policy of entering into transactions with counterparties that are
usually banks or financial institutions with acceptable credit ratings. Exposure to these risks is closely monitored and maintained
within predetermined parameters. There are limits on credit exposure to any financial institution. The limits are regularly assessed
and determined based upon credit analysis including financial statements and capital adequacy ratio reviews.
Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits of H 3,546 and bank balances of H 83,236 held with two banks having high
credit ratings, which are individually in excess of 10% or more of the Company s total cash and cash equivalents as at March 31,
2026. Refer to Note 15.
We did not have any significant concentration of investment risk, as no investments with any single counterparty exceeded 10%
of our total investments as of March 31, 2026. Refer to Note 9.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Company will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time or at a reasonable
price. The Company s corporate treasury department is responsible for liquidity and funding as well as settlement management. In
addition, processes and policies related to such risks are overseen by senior management. Management monitors the Company s
net liquidity position through rolling forecasts based on the expected cash flows. As of March 31, 2026, cash and cash equivalents
are held with major banks and financial institutions.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
The table below provides details regarding the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date.
The amounts include estimated interest payments and exclude the impact of netting agreements, if any.
As at March 31, 2026
Less than
Beyond
Total cash
Interest
Carrying
Borrowings(1)
I 167,648
I 2,076
I -
I -
K 169,724
I (1,850)
K 167,874
Lease liabilities(1)
10,492
8,315
10,152
12,855
41,814
(6,778)
35,036
Trade payables
62,894
1,929
1,920
67,288
-
67,288
Derivative liabilities
10,978
-
10,978
-
10,978
Salary Payable
32,030
-
32,030
-
32,030
Contingent consideration(2)
1,553
-
2,020
(386)
1,634
Liability on written put
options to non-controlling
interests(2)
2,689
-
3,375
-
6,064
(365)
5,699
Rent Deposit
-
Liabilities towards customer
-
1,440
-
1,440
-
Capital creditors
-
Others
6,057
1,027
7,820
-
7,820
K 295,471
K 14,541
K 16,246
K 14,427
K 340,685
K (9,379)
K 331,306
As at March 31, 2025
Less than
Beyond
Total cash
Interest
Carrying
Borrowings(1)
H 99,884
H 64,576
H -
H -
K 164,460
I (2,643)
K 161,817
Lease liabilities(1)
9,563
6,950
8,426
11,379
36,318
(6,100)
30,218
Trade payables
58,667
-
58,667
-
58,667
Derivative liabilities
-
Salary Payable
29,585
-
29,585
-
29,585
Contingent consideration(2)
1,401
-
2,401
(537)
1,864
Liability on written put
options to non-controlling
interests(2)
-
2,686
3,819
-
6,505
(1,560)
4,945
Rent Deposit
-
Liabilities towards customer
-
1,368
-
1,368
-
Capital creditors
1,255
-
1,255
-
1,255
Others
1,082
-
1,580
(9)
1,571
K 202,568
K 75,281
K 14,547
K 11,379
K 303,775
K(10,849)
K 292,926
(1) Includes future cash outflow towards estimated interest on borrowings and lease liabilities.
(2) Includes future cash outflow towards estimated interest on contingent consideration and liability on written put options to non-controlling interests.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The balanced view of liquidity and financial indebtedness is stated in the table below. The management for external communication
with investors, analysts and rating agencies uses this calculation of the net cash position:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 105,555
I 121,974
Investments - current
437,680
411,474
Borrowings
(167,874)
(161,817)
K 375,361
K 371,631
11. TRADE RECEIVABLES
The following table represent ageing of Trade receivables as on March 31, 2026:
Not Due
Less than
More than
Total
Unsecured - Non-current
I 349
I -
I -
I -
I -
I -
I 349
K 349
K -
K -
K -
K -
K -
K 349
Unsecured - Current
I 93,788
I 39,040
I 1,727
I 671
I 447
I 1,280
I 136,953
1,059
1,746
1,544
4,832
-
1,409
1,832
K 94,852
K 39,409
K 3,473
K 1,030
K 620
K 4,233
K 143,617
Gross Trade receivables
K 143,966
(7,716)
Net Trade receivables
K 136,250
The following table represent ageing of Trade receivables as on March 31, 2025:
Not Due
Less than
More than
Total
Unsecured - Non-current
I 299
I -
I -
I -
I -
I -
I 299
K 299
K -
K -
K -
K -
K -
K 299
Unsecured - Current
H 84,626
H 29,877
H 1,318
H 599
H 653
H 1,014
H 118,087
1,508
2,824
Disputed Trade receivables-considered good
1,631
2,583
Disputed Trade receivables - credit impaired
-
K 85,658
K 30,772
K 1,454
K 711
K 927
K 4,394
K 123,916
Gross Trade receivables
K 124,215
(6,171)
Net Trade receivables
K 118,044

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 6,171
I 6,316
Additions due to Acquisitions (Refer to Note 8)
-
Additions, net
2,838
Additions on account of Unbilled receivables
(698)
-
(1,288)
(512)
Translation adjustment
K 7,716
K 6,171
12. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
I 3,922
H 3,090
Security deposits
1,812
1,318
Other receivables
^
K 6,259
K 4,664
Current
I 4,189
H 5,144
Security deposits
2,235
1,827
-
Claims receivables
Interest receivables
Other receivables
1,351
K 10,245
K 8,448
K 16,504
K 13,112
^ Value is than H 0.5

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Finance lease receivables consist of assets that are leased for a contract term normally ranging 1 to 5 years, with lease payments
due in monthly or quarterly installments. Details of finance lease receivables are given below:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Year 1
I 4,554
H 5,489
Year 2
2,573
1,908
Year 3
1,225
Year 4
Year 5
K 8,754
K 8,867
Less: Unearned finance income
(643)
(633)
K 8,111
K 8,234
Included in the consolidated balance sheet as follows:

Non-current
I 3,922
H 3,090

Current
4,189
5,144
13. OTHER ASSETS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
H 441
H 247
Capital advances
Others

Prepaid expenses
4,356
2,657

Costs to obtain contracts (1)
2,592
3,277

Costs to fulfil contracts (2)
1,000

1,062
1,148
K 9,451
K 7,707
Current
Unsecured, considered goods
Advances other than capital advances

Advances to suppliers
H 2,369
H 2,323

Others

Prepaid expenses
18,929
16,917

7,969
6,760

Costs to obtain contracts (1)
1,903
1,407

Costs to fulfil contracts (2)

Withholding taxes

Other receivables
K 33,164
K 29,128
K 42,615
K 36,835
(1) Costs to obtain contracts amortisation of H 2,558 and H 1,333 during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.
(2) Costs to fulfil contracts amortisation of H 150 and H 83 during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
14. INVENTORIES
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Stock-in-trade
I 514
H 685
K 517
K 694
15. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Balances with banks

Current accounts
I 95,959
H 74,387

Demand deposits(1)
9,410
47,518

Unclaimed dividends
Cheques and drafts on hand
K 105,555
K 121,974
(1) These deposits can be withdrawn by the Company at any time without prior notice and without any penalty on the principal.
Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 105,555
H 121,974
Bank overdrafts
-
^
K 105,555
K 121,974
16. EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Authorised capital
12,543,500,000 equity shares, par value of H 2 per share (March 31, 2025:
12,504,500,000 equity shares)
I 25,087
H 25,009
25,000,000 preference shares, par value of H 10 per share (March 31, 2025: 25,000,000
preference shares)
150,000 10% optionally convertible cumulative preference shares, par value of H 100 per
share (March 31, 2025: 150,000 10% optionally convertible cumulative preference shares)
K 25,352
K 25,274
Issued, subscribed and fully paid-up capital
10,488,412,458 equity shares of H 2 each (March 31, 2025: 10,472,136,049 equity shares)
I 20,977
H 20,944
K 20,977
K 20,944

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Terms and rights attached to equity shares
The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of H 2 per share. Each shareholder of equity shares is entitled
to one vote per share. The Company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The final dividend proposed by the Board of
Directors is subject to shareholders approval in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
Following is the summary of per share dividends recognised as distributions to equity shareholders:
March 31, 2026
March 31, 2025
Interim dividend (Board recommended the adoption of the interim dividend as the final dividend)
(Refer to Note 32)
K 11 per share
K 6 per share
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the equity shareholders will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Company,
after distribution of all preferential amounts, if any, in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
i. Reconciliation of number of equity shares
Equity shares/American Depository Receipts (ADRs)
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
I. Million
I. Million
10,472,136,049
I20,944
5,225,138,246
H 10,450
16,276,409
13,628,596
Bonus issue of equity shares (Refer to Note 32)
-
5,233,369,207
10,467
10,488,412,458
H20,977
10,472,136,049
K 20,944
ii. Reconciliation of number of treasury shares held by controlled trust
Equity shares
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
11,905,480
5,952,740
Bonus issue of equity shares (Refer to Note 32)
-
5,952,740
11,905,480
iii. Details of shareholders holding more than 5% of the total equity shares of the Company
Name of the Shareholder
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner representing
Hasham Traders
1,886,826,730
17.99
1,767,826,730
16.88
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner representing
Prazim Traders
2,160,297,946
20.60
2,041,297,946
19.49
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner representing
Zash Traders
2,202,133,582
21.00
2,081,133,582
19.87
Azim Premji Trust
680,385,966
6.49
1,063,185,966
10.15

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
iv. Other details of equity shares for a period of five years immediately preceding
March 31, 2026 and 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Aggregate number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up pursuant to
contract(s) without payment being received in cash
Nil
Nil
During the year ended March 31, 2025
5,233,369,207
-
Aggregate number and class of shares allotted as fully paid up by way of bonus shares
5,233,369,207
-
During the year ended March 31, 2024
269,662,921
During the year ended March 31, 2021
237,500,000
During the year ended March 31, 2020
-
323,076,923
Aggregate number and class of shares bought back
507,162,921
830,239,844
v. Shares reserved for issue under the employee stock incentive plans
For details of shares reserved for issue under the employee stock incentive plans of the Company, refer to Note 31.
vi. Details of Shareholding of Promoter and Promoter Group are as under
Name of the Promoter and Promoter
Group
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Number of
during the
Number of
during the
Azim H. Premji
431,156,714
4.11%
(0.01)%
431,156,714
4.12%
(0.01)%
Yasmeen A. Premji
5,118,756
0.05%
0.00%
5,118,756
0.05%
(0.00)%
Rishad A. Premji
13,537,782
0.13%
0.00%
13,537,782
0.13%
0.00%
Tariq A. Premji
13,238,430
0.13%
0.00%
13,238,430
0.13%
0.00%
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner
representing Hasham Traders
1,886,826,730
17.99%
1.11%
1,767,826,730
16.88%
(0.04)%
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner
representing Prazim Traders
2,160,297,946
20.60%
1.11%
2,041,297,946
19.49%
(0.90)%
Mr. Azim Hasham Premji Partner
representing Zash Traders
2,202,133,582
21.00%
1.13%
2,081,133,582
19.87%
(0.81)%
Hasham Investment And Trading Co.
2,711,906
0.03%
0.00%
2,711,906
0.03%
(0.00)%
Prazim Trading And Investment
Company Pvt Ltd.
193,708,256
1.85%
0.23%
169,908,256
1.62%
Azim Premji Trust (1)
680,385,966
6.49%
(3.66)%
1,063,185,966
10.15%
(0.02)%
Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiatives
Private Limited (1)
27,724,830
0.26%
0.00%
27,724,830
0.26%
(0.01)%
(1) Mr. Azim H. Premji disclaims the beneficial ownership of 680,385,966 shares held by Azim Premji Trust and 27,724,830 shares held by Azim Premji
Philanthropic Initiatives Private Limited.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
17. BORROWINGS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
Unsecured

Unsecured Notes 2026(1)
I -
H 63,954

1,962
-
K 1,962
K 63,954
Current
Unsecured

Unsecured Notes 2026 (1)
I 71,052
H -

94,860
97,863

Bank overdrafts
-
^
K 165,912
K 97,863
K 167,874
K 161,817
(1) On June 23, 2021, Wipro IT Services LLC, a wholly owned step-down subsidiary of the Company, issued U.S.$ 750 million in unsecured notes 2026 (the
Notes ). The Notes bear interest at a rate of 1.50% per annum and will mature on June 23, 2026. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually on June 23 and
December 23 of each year, commencing from December 23, 2021. The Notes are listed on Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST).
Short-term borrowings
The Company had borrowings amounting to I 94,860 and I 97,863, as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. The
principal source of borrowings from banks as at March 31, 2026 primarily consists of lines of credit of approximately
I 89,024, U.S. Dollar ( U.S.$ ) 432 million, Saudi Riyal ( SAR ) 120 million, Pound Sterling ( GBP ) 7 million, Bahraini Dinar ( BHD )
1 million, Thai Baht ( THB ) 5 million, Brazilian Real ( BRL ) 8 million, Indonesian Rupiah ( IDR ) 13,000 million, Qatari Riyal ( QAR )
10 million Mexican Peso ( MXN ) 35 million, Canadian Dollar ( CAD ) 14 million, Bangladeshi Taka ( BDT ) 175 million and
Japanese Yen ( JPY ) 300 million from bankers for working capital requirements and other short-term needs
As at March 31, 2026, the Company has unutilised lines of credit aggregating I 27,524, U.S.$ 92 million, SAR 75 million, GBP
7 million, BHD 1 million, THB 5 million, BRL 8 million, IDR 13,000 million, QAR 10 million, MXN 35 million, CAD 14 million, BDT 175
million and JPY 300 million. To utilise these unused lines of credit, the Company requires consent of the lender and compliance
with certain financial covenants. Significant portion of these lines of credit are revolving credit facilities and floating rate foreign
currency loans, renewable on a periodic basis.
Significant portion of these facilities bear floating rates of interest, referenced to country specific official benchmark interest rates
and a spread, determined based on market conditions.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Long-term borrowings
A summary of long- term borrowings is as follows:
Currency
As at March 31, 2026
As at March 31, 2025
Foreign
Indian
Rupee
Final
maturity
Foreign
Indian
Rupee
Unsecured Notes 2026
U.S.$ 749
I 71,052
June-26
U.S.$ 748
I 63,954
U.S.$ 21
I 1,962
June-27
-
K 73,014
K 63,954
Non-current portion of long-term borrowings
I 1,962
I 63,954
Current portion of long-term borrowings
71,052
-
Refer to Note 26 for interest expense on borrowings

April 1, 2025
Cash flow
Net additions
to Lease
Liabilities/
additions due to
acquisitions
Effective
Foreign
March 31, 2026
Borrowings
H 161,817
H (6,752)
H 1,852
H 119
H 10,838
I 167,874
Lease liabilities
30,218
(11,561)
13,430
-
2,949
35,036
K 192,035
K (18,313)
K 15,282
K 119
K 13,787
K 202,910

April 1, 2024
Cash flow
Net additions
to Lease
Liabilities/
additions due to
acquisitions
Effective
Foreign
March 31, 2025
Borrowings
H 141,464
H 17,923
H -
H 114
H 2,316
H 161,817
Lease liabilities
23,183
(10,474)
17,270
-
30,218
K 164,647
K 7,449
K 17,270
K 114
K 2,555
K 192,035
Non-fund based
The Company has non-fund based revolving credit facilities in various currencies equivalent to I 49,747 and I 49,634 as of
March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, towards operational requirements that can be used for the issuance of letters
of credit and bank guarantees. As of March 31, 2026 and 2025, an amount of I 36,389 and I 36,524, respectively, was
unutilised out of these non-fund based facilities.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
18. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
Liability on written put options to non-controlling interests (Refer to Note 10)
I 3,071
H 4,945
Contingent consideration (Refer to Note 10)
1,178
1,307
1,026
Long-term incentive payable
Rent deposit
Other liabilities(1)
1,353
K 6,743
K 7,793
Current
Salary payable
I 32,030
H 29,585
Liability on written put options to non-controlling interests (Refer to Note 10)
2,628
-
Capital creditors
1,255
Interest accrued but not due on borrowing
Rent deposit
Contingent consideration (Refer to Note 10)
Unclaimed dividends
Other liabilities(2)
5,221
K 43,387
K 33,463
K 50,130
K 41,256
(1) Includes payable to selling shareholders
(2) Includes liability on non-designated hedges
19. PROVISIONS
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current

Compensated absences
I 652
H 563

Defined benefit plans - gratuity and foreign pension
3,626
2,974

K 5,389
K 4,656
Current

Compensated absences
I 17,699
H 15,767

1,184
1,288
Others
K 19,463
K 17,638
K 24,852
K 22,294

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
A summary of activity in provision for warranty, onerous contracts and other provisions is as follows:
Year ended March 31, 2026
Year ended March 31, 2025
Provision
Provision
Others
Total
Provision
Provision
Others
Total
Provision at the beginning of the year
I 207
I 1,582
I 142
I 1,931
H 217
H 1,599
H 155
H 1,971
Additions during the year, net
-
Utilised/written-back during the year
(207)
(826)
(44)
(1,077)
(217)
(624)
(13)
(854)
Translation adjustment
-
Provision at the end of the year
K 214
K 1,408
K 98
K 1,720
K 207
K 1,582
K 142
K 1,931
Included in the consolidated balance
sheet as follows:

Non-current
K -
I 224
I -
I 224
H -
H 294
H -
H 294

Current
1,184
1,496
1,288
1,637
Provision for warranty represents cost associated with providing sales support services, which are accrued at the time of
recognition of revenues and are expected to be utilised over a period of 1 year.
Provision for onerous contracts is recognised when the expected benefit by the company from a contract are lower than
the unavoidable costs of meeting the future obligations under the contract.
Other provisions primarily include provisions for compliance related contingencies. The timing of cash outflows in respect
of such provision cannot be reasonably determined.
20. OTHER LIABILITIES
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Non-current
I 17,877
I 12,757
K 17,877
K 12,757
Current
I 16,012
I 14,295
K 16,834
K 15,085
K 34,711
K 27,842

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
21. TRADE PAYABLES
The following table represent ageing of Trade payables as on March 31, 2026:
Unbilled
Not Due
Less
More
Total
Non-current
Others
I 4,394
I -
I -
I -
I -
I -
I 4,394
K 4,394
K -
K -
K -
K -
K -
K 4,394
Current
MSME
I 1,267
I 1,051
I 22
-
I 2,340
Others
39,338
18,676
2,244
60,299
Disputed dues - Others
-
K 40,748
K 19,839
K 2,266
K 22
K 4
K 15
K 62,894
Total Trade payables
K 45,142
K 19,839
K 2,266
K 22
K 4
K 15
K 67,288
The following table represent ageing of Trade payables as on March 31, 2025:
Unbilled
Not Due
Less
More
Total
Current
MSME
H 781
H 495
H 10
H -
H -
H -
H 1,286
Others
35,768
19,527
1,782
57,115
Disputed dues - Others
-
K 36,682
K 20,155
K 1,792
K 7
K 8
K 23
K 58,667
Relationship with the struck off companies
The Company had nil transactions and outstanding balance with struck off companies for the year ended March 31, 2026.
Transactions with struck off companies for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:
Name of struck off company
Relationship
with struck off
Nature of
transaction
Transactions for
the year ended
March 31, 2025
Balance
outstanding as at
March 31, 2025
Sabre Technologies India Private Limited
Vendor
Payable
H 11
H -
Ibis Marcom Limited
Vendor
Payable
^
-

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
22. REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

The following table presents the changes in contact assets balance:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 15,795
H 19,854
Amount reclassified to receivables pertaining to fixed price development
contracts on completion of milestones
(14,073)
(14,730)
Increase due to revenue recognised during the year
12,233
10,617
Translation adjustment
H 14,819
K 15,795

The following table presents the changes in contact liabilities balance:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 20,063
H 17,653
Revenue recognised from opening balance of contract liabilities
(15,724)
(14,695)
20,262
17,036
Translation adjustment
K 25,434
K 20,063

B. Reconciliation of revenue

Reconciliation of revenue recognised with the contracted price as follows:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Contracted price
K 946,444
H 905,652
Reductions towards variable consideration components (1)
(20,204)
(14,768)
Revenue recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss
K 926,240
K 890,884

(1) Variable consideration comprises of volume discount, service level credits and liquidated damages.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

C. Remaining performance obligations

recognised, which includes contract liabilities and amounts that will be invoiced and recognised as revenue in future
periods. Applying the practical expedient, the Company has not disclosed its right to consideration from customers in
an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the Company s performance completed to date,
which are contracts invoiced on time and material basis and volume based.

As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, the aggregate amount of the Transaction Price allocated to remaining performance
obligations, other than those meeting the exclusion criteria above, were H 373,976 and H 364,937, respectively, of
which approximately 63% and 66%, respectively, is expected to be recognised as revenues within two years, and
the remainder thereafter. This includes contracts with a substantive enforceable termination penalty if the contract is
terminated without cause by the customer, based on an overall assessment of the contract carried out at the time of
inception. Historically, customers have not terminated contracts without cause.

D. Disaggregation of revenue

The tables below present disaggregated revenue from contracts with customers by business segment (refer to
Note 35 Segment Information ), sector and nature of contract. The Company believes that the below disaggregation
best depicts the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows from economic factors.

Information on disaggregation of revenues for the year ended March 31, 2026 is as follows:
IT Services
IT
Products
Total
Americas 1
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Total
Revenue

I305,036
I268,532
I243,645
I102,087
I919,300
I -
I919,300

-
6,940
K 305,036
K 268,532
K 243,645
K 102,087
K 919,300
K 6,940
K 926,240

Banking, Financial Services and
Insurance
I 842
I170,299
I 96,587
I 46,283
I314,011

Health
116,104
1,408
12,944
3,392
133,848

Consumer
107,075
3,772
44,537
13,586
168,970

Technology and Communications
74,591
22,195
35,329
14,438
146,553

Energy, Manufacturing and
Resources
6,424
70,858
54,248
24,388
155,918
K 305,036
K 268,532
K 243,645
K 102,087
K 919,300
K 6,940
K 926,240

I153,658
I126,105
I139,795
I 62,210
I481,768
I -
I481,768

151,378
142,427
103,850
39,877
437,532
-
437,532

Products
-
6,940
K 305,036
K 268,532
K 243,645
K 102,087
K 919,300
K 6,940
K 926,240

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

Information on disaggregation of revenues for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:
IT Services
IT
Products
Total
Americas 1
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Total
Revenue

H281,806
H271,965
H240,187
H 94,234
H888,192
H -
H888,192

-
2,692
K 281,806
K 271,965
K 240,187
K 94,234
K 888,192
K 2,692
K 890,884

Banking, Financial
Services and Insurance
H 1,240
H172,817
H 91,965
H 38,231
H304,253

Health
108,305
13,982
3,272
125,795

Consumer
103,875
6,659
43,435
15,344
169,313

Technology and
Communications(1)
64,907
24,255
31,804
14,933
135,899

Energy, Manufacturing
and Resources(1)
3,479
67,998
59,001
22,454
152,932
K 281,806
K 271,965
K 240,187
K 94,234
K 888,192
K 2,692
K 890,884
Revenue by nature of
contract

Fixed price and volume
H144,904
H137,385
H142,241
H 56,390
H480,920
H -
H480,920

136,902
134,580
97,946
37,844
407,272
-
407,272

Products
-
2,692
K 281,806
K 271,965
K 240,187
K 94,234
K 888,192
K 2,692
K 890,884

(1) Effective October 1, 2024, the Company has reorganised its sectors by merging Technology and Communications into Technology
and Communications sector, and by merging Energy, Natural Resources and Utilities and Manufacturing into Energy, Manufacturing
and Resources sector. Comparative period disaggregation of revenue has been restated to give effect to this change.
23. OTHER INCOME
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Interest Income
I 28,367
H 27,210
2,299
7,763
8,765
(72)
K 36,491
K 38,202
Foreign exchange gains/(losses), net on financial instruments measured at FVTPL
K (5,867)
H (398)
Other foreign exchange gains/(losses), net
7,720
Foreign exchange gains, net
K 1,853
K 32
Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment, net (1)
I 393
H 606
K 38,737
K 38,840
(1) Gain/(loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment for the year ended March 31, 2026, includes gain on transfer of building of I 405 and for the
year ended March 31, 2025, includes gain on relinquishment of the lease hold rights of land, and transfer of building along with other assets of I885.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
24. CHANGES IN INVENTORIES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Stock at the beginning of the year
I 685
H 880
Less: Stock at the end of the year
Decrease during the year
K 171
K 195
25. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 525,825
H 507,629
25,565
20,306
Share-based compensation (1)
4,465
5,542
K 555,855
K 533,477

(1) Includes I Nil and I (9) for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, towards cash settled ADSs and RSUs.

Defined benefit plan actuarial (gains)/losses recognised in other comprehensive income include:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 384
H (416)
(115)
(1,290)
(12)
(Gain)/loss on remeasurement of defined benefit plans, net
K (142)
K (323)

b) Gratuity and foreign pension

Defined benefit plans include gratuity for employees drawing salary in Indian Rupees, pension and certain benefits
plans in foreign jurisdictions.

Amount recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss in respect of defined benefit plans is as follows:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 3,795
H 3,205
3,566
-
Net interest expense on net defined benefit liability
Net charge to the consolidated statement of profit and loss
K 7,629
K 3,300
K 879
K 1,646

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS

Change in present value of defined benefit obligation is summarised below:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 24,188
H 21,516
Addition through Business combination
1,311
-
3,795
3,205
3,566
-
1,506
1,308
Benefits paid
(2,631)
(2,627)

(115)

(1,290)
(12)
Translation adjustment
1,291
K 32,581
K 24,188

Change in plan assets is summarised below:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 22,231
H 20,022
Addition through Business combination
-
1,263
1,230
Employer contributions
5,417
Benefits paid
(188)
(313)

(384)
Translation adjustment
1,200
K 29,837
K 22,231
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 32,581
H 24,188
29,837
22,231
K (2,744)
K (1,957)
(678)
(545)
Recognised liability
K (3,422)
K (2,502)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Change in effect of asset ceiling is summarised below:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 545
H 442
Translation adjustment
K 678
K 545

As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, plan assets were primarily invested in insurer managed funds.

The Company has established an income tax approved irrevocable trust fund to which IT regularly contributes to finance
the liabilities of the gratuity plan. The fund s investments are managed by certain insurance companies as per the
selection made by the trustees among the fund plan available.

As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Discount rate
5.70%
5.75%
5.70%
5.75%
6.44%
6.40%
6.53 years
7.03 years

The discount rate is primarily based on the prevailing market yields of government securities for the estimated term of
the obligations. The estimates of future salary increase considered takes into account the inflation, seniority, promotion
and other relevant factors. Attrition rate considered is the management s estimate, based on previous years employee
turnover of the Company.

The expected return on plan assets is based on expectation of the average long-term rate of return expected on
investments of the fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

For the year ended March 31,2026
I 3,515
I 5,493
4,518
4,134
3,748
3,493
Thereafter
21,690
Total
K 43,076

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
For the year ended March 31,2025
H 3,545
H 3,565
3,218
2,953
2,736
2,412
Thereafter
17,692
Total
K 32,576

The expected benefits are based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company s benefit obligations as of

Sensitivity for significant actuarial assumptions is computed to show the movement in defined benefit obligation
by 1 percentage.

As of March 31, 2026, every 1 percentage point increase/ (decrease) in discount rate will result in (decrease)/
increase of defined benefit obligation by approximately I (1,914) and I 2,228, respectively (March 31, 2025:
I (1,565) and I 1,807, respectively).

As of March 31, 2026, every 1 percentage point increase/ (decrease) in expected rate of salary will result
in increase/ (decrease) of defined benefit obligation by approximately H 1,620 and H (1,512), respectively
(March 31, 2025: H 1,189 and H (1,129), respectively).

The sensitivity analysis to significant actuarial assumptions may not be representative of the actual change
in the defined benefit obligations as the change in assumptions may not occur in isolation since some of
the assumptions may be correlated. Furthermore, in presenting the sensitivity analysis, the present value
of the defined benefit obligations has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of
the reporting period, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability
recognised in the consolidated balance sheet.

As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 133,417
H 121,067
(133,417)
(121,067)
Net shortfall
K -
K -

The total expense for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 is H 7,058 and H 6,517, respectively.

The plan assets have been invested as per the regulations of Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO).

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

The principal assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of interest guarantee under the deterministic
approach are as follows:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
6.50%
6.55%
8.25%

The total expense for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 was H 11,146 and H 10,584 respectively.
26. FINANCE COSTS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Interest on borrowings
I 5,368
H 7,124
Interest on lease liability
1,956
1,593
Interest on liability on written put options to non-controlling interests
Other finance cost (1)
6,668
5,523
K 14,577
K 14,770
(1) Includes gain on remeasurement of written put options amounting to H 385 for the year ended March 31, 2026.
27. OTHER EXPENSES
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 5,858
H 5,804
Miscellaneous expenses/(income), net (1)(2)
1,402
(446)
K 7,260
K 5,358
(1) Miscellaneous expense/(income), net includes reversals of contingent consideration of H (49) and H 169 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025,
respectively. (Refer to Note 10).
(2) Other expenses are net of insurance claim received of H 1,805 during the year ended March 31, 2025.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
28. INCOME TAX
Income tax expense has been allocated as follows:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Income tax expense as per the consolidated statement of profit and loss:
I 42,665
H 45,405
(1,898)
(2,628)
K 40,767
K 42,777
(323)
(2,257)
(260)
K (2,570)
K (128)
K 38,197
K 42,649
tax rate to profit before tax is as follows:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 173,422
H 174,957
34.94%
K 60,594
K 61,130
Effect of
(13,755)
(12,960)
(332)
Income taxed at higher/ (lower) rates
(7,393)
(7,736)
(4,141)
(2,306)
Changes in unrecognised deferred tax assets
(17)
4,803
4,460
Others, net
K 40,767
K 42,777
Effective tax rate
23.51%
24.45%

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
Carry-forward losses (1)
I 784
H 898
7,886
7,106
Allowance for lifetime expected credit losses
2,016
1,428
2,234
Contract Assets
-
Others
K 13,218
K 9,641
(650)
(536)
Amortisable goodwill
(6,906)
(5,449)
Intangible assets
(8,407)
(7,931)
(2,687)
(2,912)
Contract liabilities
-
(209)
(2,627)
(3,485)
(3,965)
(3,001)
K (25,242)
K (23,523)
K (12,024)
K (13,882)
Amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet:
I 5,242
H 2,561
(17,266)
(16,443)
(1) Includes deferred tax asset recognised on carry-forward losses pertaining to business combinations.
Movement during the year ended March 31, 2026
As at
April 1, 2025
Credit/
Credit/
On account
of Business
Translation
As at
March 31, 2026
I 898
I (239)
I -
I 9
I 116
7,106
(142)
(10)
7,886
Allowance for lifetime expected credit losses
1,428
-
2,016
(536)
(392)
-
(650)
Amortisable goodwill
(5,449)
(873)
-
(584)
(6,906)
Intangible assets
(7,931)
2,277
-
(1,915)
(838)
(8,407)
Interest Income and fair value movement of
(2,912)
(369)
(75)
(2,687)

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
March 31, 2026
As at
April 1, 2025
Credit/
Credit/
On account
of Business
Translation
As at
March 31, 2026
(87)
2,257
-
(1)
2,234
Contract asset / (Contract liabilities)
(209)
-
Special Economic Zone re-investment
(3,485)
-
(2,627)
(3,001)
(587)
-
(377)
(3,965)
Others
-
(57)
(34)
K(13,882)
K 1,898
K 2,570
K (1,231)
K (1,379)
K(12,024)
March 31, 2025
As at
April 1, 2024
Credit/
Credit/ (charge)
On account
of Business
Translation
As at
March 31, 2025
H 1,254
H (357)
H -
H -
H 1
H 898
5,793
1,362
(49)
-
7,106
Allowance for lifetime expected credit
losses
1,618
(190)
-
1,428
(912)
-
(536)
Amortisable goodwill
(4,909)
(422)
-
(118)
(5,449)
Intangible assets
(8,601)
1,446
-
(566)
(210)
(7,931)
movement of investment
(1,347)
(1,482)
(83)
-
(2,912)
(195)
-
Contract asset / (Contract liabilities)
(625)
-
(12)
(209)
Special Economic Zone re-investment
(7,820)
4,335
-
(3,485)
-
(2,941)
-
(60)
(3,001)
Others
-
(28)
K(15,650)
K 2,628
K 128
K (566)
K (422)
K(13,882)
Deferred taxes on unrealised foreign exchange gain/loss relating to cash flow hedges, fair value movements in investments
and remeasurements of the defined benefit plans are recognised in other comprehensive income. Deferred tax liability
on the intangible assets identified and carry forward losses on acquisitions is recorded by an adjustment to goodwill.
Other than these, the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities is primarily recorded in the consolidated statement of

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
In assessing the realisability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers the extent to which IT is probable that the deferred
tax asset will be realised. The ultimate realisation of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
profits during the periods in which those temporary differences and tax loss carry-forwards become deductible. The Company
considers the expected reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making
this assessment. Based on this, the Company believes that IT is probable that the Company will realise the benefits of these
deductible differences. The amount of deferred tax asset considered realisable, however, could be reduced in the near term if
the estimates of future taxable income during the carry-forward period are reduced.
Deferred tax asset amounting to I 13,613 and I 10,816 as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively in respect of unused tax losses
have not been recognised by the Company. The tax loss carry-forwards of I 56,119 and I 44,274 as at March 31, 2026 and 2025,
respectively, on which deferred tax asset has not been recognised by the Company, because IT is probable that future taxable
profits will not be available against which the unused tax losses can be utilised in the foreseeable future. Approximately, I 51,505
and I 40,292 as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, of these tax loss carry-forwards is not currently subject to expiration
dates. The remaining tax loss carry-forwards of approximately I 4,614 and I 3,982 as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively,
expires in various years through fiscal year 2046.
The Company has recognised deferred tax assets of I 784 and I 898 primarily in respect of carry forward losses including certain
subsidiaries as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. Management s projections of future taxable income and tax planning
strategies support the assumption that IT is probable that sufficient taxable income will be available to utilise these deferred
tax assets.
A substantial portion of the profits of the Company s India operations are exempt from Indian income taxes being profits attributable
to export operations and profits from units established under the Special Economic Zone Act, 2005 scheme. Units in designated
SEZs providing service on or after April 1, 2005 will be eligible for a deduction of 100% of profits or gains derived from the export
of services for the first five years from commencement of provision of services and 50% of such profits and gains for a further
five years. A 50% tax deduction is available for a further five years subject to the unit meeting certain defined conditions. Profits
from certain other undertakings are also eligible for preferential tax treatment. New SEZ units set up on or after April 1, 2021
are not eligible for the aforesaid deduction. The tax holiday period being currently available to the Company expires in various
years through fiscal years 2034-35. The impact of tax holidays has resulted in a decrease of current tax expense of I 13,092 and
I 11,798 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, compared to the effective tax amounts that the Company
estimates IT would have been required to pay if these incentives had not been available. The per equity share effect of these tax
incentives for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 is I 1.25 and I 1.13, respectively.
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences except in respect of taxable temporary
differences associated with investments in certain subsidiaries where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can
be controlled and IT is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, deferred
income tax liabilities on cumulative earnings of certain subsidiaries amounting to I 69,693 and I 86,937 as at March 31, 2026 and
2025, respectively and branch profit tax at 15% of the U.S. branch profit have not been recognised. Further, IT is not practicable
to estimate the amount of the unrecognised deferred tax liabilities for these undistributed earnings.
The Pillar Two legislations are neither enacted nor substantively enacted by Government of India, where the parent company is
incorporated. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted, or substantively enacted, in certain other jurisdictions where the Company
operates. However, the Company does not expect any material financial impact for the year ended March 31, 2026. In line with
amended Ind AS 12, the Company has not recognised deferred taxes related to Pillar Two income taxes and accordingly has
applied the mandatory exception as per the said standard.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
29. FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION RESERVE
The movement in foreign currency translation reserve attributable to equity holders of the Company is summarised below:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
I 52,393
H 45,269
Translation difference related to foreign operations, net
45,860
7,179
Transfer of shares pertaining to Non-controlling interests of subsidiary
-
(14)
Reclassification of foreign currency translation differences on liquidation of
subsidiaries to consolidated statement of profit and loss
-
(41)
Others
(5)
-
K 98,248
K 52,393
30. EARNINGS PER EQUITY SHARE
A reconciliation of profit for the year and equity shares used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per equity
Basic: Basic earnings per equity share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
Company by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year, excluding equity shares
purchased by the Company and held as treasury shares.
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 131,974
H 131,354
10,476,247,846
10,456,741,552
K 12.60
K 12.56
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
I 131,974
H 131,354

10,476,247,846
10,456,741,552

27,175,090
32,197,840
Weighted average number of equity shares for diluted earnings per share
10,503,422,936
10,488,939,392
K 12.56
K 12.52
For the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, 1,586,275 and 1,294,623 options, respectively, were excluded from diluted
weighted-average number of equity shares calculation because their effect would have been anti-dilutive.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
31. EMPLOYEE STOCK INCENTIVE PLANS
The stock compensation expense recognised for employee services received during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025
were I 4,465 and I 5,542, respectively.
Wipro Equity Reward Trust ( WERT )
In 1984, the Company established a controlled trust called WERT. In the previous years, WERT purchased shares of the Company
out of funds borrowed from the Company. The Company s Nomination and Remuneration Committee recommends to WERT
certain officers and key employees, to whom WERT issues shares from its holdings at nominal price subject to vesting conditions.
WERT held 11,905,480 and 11,905,480 treasury shares as of March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.
Wipro Employee Restricted Stock Unit Option Plans
Name of Plan
Range of
Wipro ADS Restricted Stock Unit Plan (WARSUP 2004 plan) (1)
174,595,958
U.S.$ 0.03
Wipro Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2005 (WSRUP 2005 plan) (1)
96,595,958
H 2
Wipro Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2007 (WSRUP 2007 plan) (1)
67,663,302
H 2
Wipro Limited Employee Stock Options, Performance Stock Unit and/or Restricted
Stock Unit Scheme 2024 (Wipro 2024 Scheme) (1)
400,000,000
U.S.$ 0.03/H 2
(1) The maximum contractual term of these RSU option plans is perpetual until the options are available for grant under the plan.
Employees covered under RSU option plans are granted an option to purchase shares of the Company at the respective exercise
prices, subject to requirements of vesting conditions. These options generally vest in tranches over a period of one to three years
from the date of grant. Upon vesting, the employees can acquire one equity share for every option and can exercise within a
period of twelve months from the vesting date of last tranche under the grant.
The activity in equity-settled RSU option plans is summarised below:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Number of
Number of
H 2
U.S.$ 0.03
18,634,747
36,956,579
7,735,669
18,851,226
Bonus on outstanding (Refer to Note 32)
H 2
U.S.$ 0.03
-
10,749,111
22,882,839
Granted
H 2
U.S.$ 0.03
10,617,130
23,259,750
5,513,469
15,030,302
Adjustment of Performance based stock options on completion of
performance measurement period
H 2
U.S.$ 0.03
(1,841,526)
(3,986,719)
(331,920)
(499,875)
Exercised
H 2
U.S.$ 0.03
(5,293,789)
(10,982,620)
(3,731,212)
(9,897,384)
H 2
U.S.$ 0.03
(2,771,279)
(8,303,933)
(1,300,370)
(9,410,529)
H 2
U.S.$ 0.03
19,345,283
36,943,057
18,634,747
36,956,579
H 2
U.S.$ 0.03
2,010,308
1,283,137
1,996,731
1,007,466

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Restricted Stock Units (RSU)
6,743,031
3,498,476
3,874,099
2,014,993
Total
10,617,130
5,513,469
ADS RSU
14,834,924
9,707,235
8,424,826
5,323,067
Total
23,259,750
15,030,302
(1) Numbers in above table are not given effect of bonus shares issued during the year ended March 31, 2025.
During the year ended March 31, 2026, RSU and ADS grants were issued under Wipro 2024 Scheme. Performance-based
stock options will vest based on the performance parameters of the Company.
The activity in cash-settled RSU option plans is summarised below:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Number of
Number of
-
7,000
Exercised
-
(7,000)
-
The following table summarises information about outstanding RSU option plans:
Range of exercise price and weighted
average exercise price
Year ended March 31, 2026
Year ended March 31, 2025
Number of
Weighted average
Number of
Weighted average
19,345,283
18,634,747
U.S.$
0.03
36,943,057
36,956,579
The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 was
I 249.40 and I 454.58 for each option, respectively. The weighted average share price of options exercised during the
years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 was I 246.01 and I 389.52 for each option, respectively.
32. DIVIDENDS, BONUS ISSUES AND BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES
The Company declares and pays dividends in Indian Rupees. According to the Companies Act, 2013 any dividend should
be declared out of accumulated distributable profits. A company may, before the declaration of any dividend, transfer a
percentage of its profits for that financial year as IT may consider appropriate to the reserves.
The cash dividends paid per equity share were I 11 (I 5 declared on July 17, 2025 and I 6 declared on January 16, 2026) and
I 6, during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company concluded bonus issue in the ratio of 1:1 i.e. 1 (one) bonus equity share
of I 2 each for every 1 (one) fully paid-up equity shares held (including ADS holders) was approved by the shareholders of
the Company on November 21, 2024. Subsequently, on December 4, 2024, the Company allotted 5,232,094,402 equity
shares (including ADS) to shareholders who held equity shares as on the record date of December 3, 2024. The Company
also allotted 1:1 bonus equity share on 1,274,805 equity shares (including ADS) under allotment as on the record date.
Consequently, I 10,467 (representing par value of I 2 per share) was transferred from capital redemption reserve, securities
premium and retained earnings to the share capital.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
33. ADDITIONAL CAPITAL DISCLOSURES
The key objective of the Company s capital management is to ensure that IT maintains a stable capital structure with the focus
on total equity to uphold investor, creditor, and customer confidence and to ensure future development of its business. The
Company s focus is to keep strong total equity base to ensure independence, security, as well as a high financial flexibility for
potential future borrowings, if required without impacting the risk profile of the Company.
The Company s goal is to continue to be able to return excess liquidity to shareholders by continuing to distribute annual dividends
in future periods. The amount of future dividends/ buyback of equity shares will be balanced with efforts to continue to maintain
an adequate liquidity status.
The capital structure as of March 31, 2026 and 2025 was as follows:
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2025
% Change
Equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company
I 880,183
H 823,641
7%
81%
Current borrowings
165,912
97,863
Non-current borrowings
1,962
63,954
35,036
30,218
Total borrowings and lease liabilities
I 202,910
H 192,035
6%
19%
Total capital
K 1,083,093
K 1,015,676
7%
Borrowings represents 15% and 16% of total capital as of March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. The Company is not subjected
to any externally imposed capital requirements.
34. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Capital commitments: As at March 31, 2026 and 2025 the Company had committed to spend approximately I 9,416 and I 8,719
respectively, under agreements to purchase/construct property and equipment. These amounts are net of capital advances paid
in respect of these purchases. Refer to Note 9 for uncalled capital commitments on investment in equity instruments.
Guarantees: As at March 31, 2026 and 2025, guarantees provided by banks on behalf of the Company to the Indian Government,
customers and certain other agencies amount to approximately I 13,358 and I 13,110 respectively, as part of the bank line of credit.
Contingencies and lawsuits: The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims resulting from tax assessment orders/
penalty notices issued under the Income tax Act, 1961, which have arisen in the ordinary course of its business. Some of the claims
involve complex issues and IT is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the expected financial effect, if any, that will result
from ultimate resolution of such proceedings. However, the resolution of these legal proceedings is not likely to have a material
and adverse effect on the results of operations or the financial position of the Company.
The Company s assessments in India are completed for the years up to March 31, 2022. The Company has received demands on
multiple tax issues. These claims are primarily arising out of denial of deduction under section 10A of the Income Tax Act, 1961
in respect of profit earned by the Company s undertaking in Software Technology Park in Bengaluru, the appeals filed against
the said demand before the appellate authorities have been allowed in favor of the Company by the second Appellate authority
for the years up to March 31, 2008 which either has been or may be contested by the Income tax authorities before the Hon ble
Supreme Court of India. Other claims relate to disallowance of tax benefits on profits earned from Software Technology Park and
special economic zone units, capitalisation of research and development expenses, transfer pricing adjustments on intercompany/
inter unit transactions and other issues.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Income tax claims against the Company amounting to I 104,613 and I 99,431 are not acknowledged as debt as at March
31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. These matters are pending before various appellate authorities and the management
expects its position will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s
financial position and results of operations.
The contingent liability in respect of disputed demands for excise duty, custom duty, sales tax and other matters amounting
to I 20,733 and I 19,292 as of March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. However, the resolution of these disputed demands
is not likely to have a material and adverse effect on the results of operations or the financial position of the Company.
35. SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Company is now organised into the following operating segments: IT Services and IT Products.
IT Services: The IT Services segment primarily consists of IT services offerings to customers organised by four Strategic
Market Units ( SMUs ) - Americas 1, Americas 2, Europe and Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa ( APMEA ).
Americas 1 and Americas 2 are primarily organised by industry sector, while Europe and APMEA are organised by countries.
Americas 1 includes the entire business of Latin America ( LATAM ) and the following industry sectors in the United States
of America: Communication, Media and Networks, Technology Software and Gaming, Technology New Age, Health and
Consumer. Americas 2 includes the entire business in Canada and the following industry sectors in the United States of
America: Banking and Financial services, Energy, Manufacturing and Resources, Capital markets and Insurance and Hi-
tech. Europe consists of the United Kingdom and Ireland, Switzerland, Germany and Western Europe. APMEA consists
of Australia and New Zealand, Southeast Asia, Japan, India, the Middle East and Africa.
Revenue from each customer is attributed to the respective SMUs based on the location of the customer s primary buying
center of such services. With respect to certain strategic global customers, revenue may be generated from multiple
countries based on such customer s buying centers, but the total revenue related to these strategic global customers are
attributed to a single SMU based on the geographical location of key decision makers.
Our IT Services segment provides a range of AI-powered IT and IT-enabled services including AI advisory, industry &
functional consulting, AI native development, customer centric design, modernization, custom application development,
infrastructure services, cybersecurity services, data and analytics services, business process services, research and
development, and hardware and software design. Through AI-powered, consulting-led solutions, we help our clients
transform their businesses to drive better efficiencies and generate new growth opportunities.
IT Products: The Company is a value-added reseller of security, packaged and SaaS software for leading international
brands. In certain total outsourcing contracts of the IT Services segment, the Company delivers hardware, software
products and other related deliverables. Revenue relating to these items is reported as revenue from the sale of IT Products.
The Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and managing director of the Company has been identified as the Chief Operating
Decision Maker as defined by Ind AS 108, Operating Segments . The CEO evaluates the segments based on their revenue
growth and operating income.
Assets and liabilities used in the Company s business are not identified to any of the operating segments, as these are
used interchangeably between segments. Management believes that IT is currently not practicable to provide segment
disclosures relating to total assets and liabilities since a meaningful segregation of the available data is onerous.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Information on reportable segments for the year ended March 31, 2026 is as follows:
IT Services
IT Products
Reconciling
Items
Total
Americas 1
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Total
Revenue
I 305,571
I 269,077
I 244,165
I 102,340
K 921,153
I 6,940
I -
I 928,093
Segment result
62,896
53,138
31,083
14,955
162,072
(7,954)
154,677
Unallocated
(3,426)
-
(3,426)
K 158,646
K 559
K (7,954)
K 151,251
Finance costs
(14,577)
36,491
Share of net profit /(loss) of
accounted for using the equity
K 173,422
(40,767)
K 132,655
I 29,107
Information on reportable segments for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:
IT Services
IT Products
Reconciling
Items
Total
Americas 1
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Total
Revenue
H 281,824
H 271,972
H 240,077
H 94,351
K 888,224
H 2,692
H -
H 890,916
Segment result
58,186
61,326
29,434
12,850
161,796
(173)
(195)
161,428
Unallocated
(10,157)
-
(10,157)
K 151,639
K (173)
K (195)
K 151,271
Finance costs
(14,770)
38,202
Share of net profit /(loss) of
associate accounted for using
K 174,957
(42,777)
K 132,180
H 29,579
Revenues from India, being the Company s country of domicile, were I 23,446 and I 20,699 for years ended March 31, 2026 and

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Revenues from the United States of America and United Kingdom contributed more than 10% of Company s total revenues
as per table below:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
United States of America
I 553,186
H 529,943
United Kingdom
97,041
95,241
Total
K 650,227
K 625,184
No customer individually accounted for more than 10% of the revenues during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025.
Management believes that IT is currently not practicable to provide disclosure of geographical location wise assets, since
the meaningful segregation of the available information is onerous.
Notes
Reconciling Items includes elimination of inter-segment transactions and other corporate activities.
Revenue from sale of Company owned Intellectual Properties is reported as a part of IT Services revenues.
For the purpose of segment reporting, the Company has included the impact of Foreign exchange gains/(losses),
net amounting to I 1,853 and I 32 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, in revenues,
which is reported as a part of Other income in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.
Restructuring cost of I 5,139 and I Nil is included under Reconciling items for the years ended March 31, 2026 and
Impact of past service cost on gratuity and remeasurement of leave encashment due to implementation of new labour
code amounting to I 2,756 for the year ended March 31, 2026, is included under Reconciling items.
Unallocated within IT Services segment results is after recognition of the below:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Amortisation and impairment expenses on intangible assets (Refer to Note 7)
I 7,787
H 7,909
Change in fair value of contingent consideration (Refer to Note 10)
(169)
Segment results of IT Services segment are after recognition of gain/(loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment
of I 393 and I 606 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.
Segment results of IT Services segment are after recognition of share-based compensation expense I 4,465 and
I 5,542 for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
36. RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIP AND TRANSACTIONS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Attune Consulting India Private
India
100.00%
Capco Technologies Private
India
100.00%

China
8.96%

100.00%
Wipro Technologies SRL
Romania
^
Wipro IT Services Bangladesh
Bangladesh
100.00%
Wipro IT Services UK Societas
100.00%
Capco Consulting Middle East FZE(2)
UAE
100.00%

Designit A/S
Denmark
100.00%
Designit Denmark A/S
Denmark
100.00%
Designit Germany GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Designit Oslo A/S
Norway
100.00%
Designit Spain Digital, S.L.U
Spain
100.00%
Israel
100.00%
Wipro Bahrain Limited Co. W.L.L

Bahrain
100.00%
Wipro Czech Republic IT Services
s.r.o.
Czech
Republic
100.00%
Wipro CRM Services
Belgium
100.00%
Wipro 4C Consulting France SAS
France
100.00%
Netherlands
100.00%
Wipro CRM Services ApS
Denmark
100.00%
Grove Holdings 2 S.á.r.l
Luxembourg
100.00%
Capco Solution Services GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Italy Srl
Italy
100.00%
Capco Brasil Serviços E
Consultoria Ltda
Brazil
99.99%
BV(1)
Belgium
100.00%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding

PT. WT Indonesia

Indonesia
99.60%
Rainbow Software LLC
Iraq
100.00%

Saudi Arabia
66.67%
Women's Business Park
Saudi Arabia
100.00%
Wipro Doha LLC
Qatar
100.00%

Wipro Financial Outsourcing
Services Limited
100.00%

Wipro Gulf LLC

Sultanate of
Oman
99.98%
Wipro Information Technology
Netherlands BV.
Netherlands
100.00%
Wipro Gulf LLC
Sultanate of
Oman
0.02%
Wipro Technologies SA
Argentina
2.62%
Thailand
0.03%
Wipro Technologies GmbH
Germany
14.87%
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas De
Informatica Ltda
Brazil
0.07%

Wipro do Brasil Technologia
Ltda(1)
Brazil
99.44%

Wipro Information Technology
Kazakhstan LLP
Kazakhstan
100.00%

Wipro Outsourcing Services
(Ireland) Limited
Ireland
100.00%

Wipro Portugal S.A.(1)
Portugal
100.00%

Canada
100.00%

Russia
99.99%

Wipro Technologies Peru SAC
Peru
99.98%

Sociedad Anonima
Costa Rica
100.00%
Wipro Technology Chile SPA
Chile
100.00%
Netherlands
100.00%
Wipro IT Service Ukraine, LLC
Ukraine
100.00%
Wipro IT Services Poland SP Z.O.O
Poland
100.00%
Romania
100.00%
Wipro Regional Headquarter
Saudi Arabia
100.00%
Australia
100.00%

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Wipro Ampion Holdings Pty Ltd(1)
Australia
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SA
Argentina
97.38%
Wipro Technologies SA DE CV
Mexico
91.08%
Wipro Technologies South Africa
South Africa
69.42%
Wipro Technologies Nigeria
Nigeria
99.84%

Wipro Technologies SRL

Romania
100.00%

Thailand
99.97%
China
84.63%
Nigeria
0.16%
Russia
0.01%
Wipro Technologies Peru SAC
Peru
0.02%
Wipro Japan KK

Japan
100.00%

Singapore
100.00%
Applied Value Technologies Pte.
Singapore
100.00%
China
91.04%
PT. WT Indonesia

Indonesia
0.40%

Thailand
^

China
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SDN BHD
Malaysia
100.00%
Wipro (Tianjin) Limited(3)
China
100.00%
Philippines
100.00%

China
15.37%

India
100.00%
Wipro, LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SA DE CV
Mexico
8.92%
Wipro Gallagher Solutions, LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro Insurance Solutions, LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro IT Services, LLC(8)
USA
100.00%
USA
60.00%
Edgile, LLC
USA
100.00%
HealthPlan Services, Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Infocrossing, LLC
USA
100.00%
International TechneGroup
Incorporated(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro NextGen Enterprise Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Rizing Intermediate Holdings,
Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Appirio, Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Designit Services, Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Telecom Consulting LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro VLSI Design Services, LLC
USA
100.00%
USA
100.00%
Wipro Business Services LLC(10)
USA
100.00%
LLC(1) (7)
USA
100.00%
Aggne Global IT
Services Private Limited
India
60.00%
USA
100.00%
Wipro Life Science Solutions, LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro Connected
Services, Inc. (Formerly
Connected Services,
Inc.)(4) (5)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Connected Services Mauritius
Pvt Ltd (Formerly known as Harman
Connected Services Mauritius
Pvt Ltd)
Mauritius
100.00%
Wipro India Private Limited
(Formerly known as Harman
India Pvt. Ltd.)
India
98.40%
Wipro India Private Limited
(Formerly known as Harman
India Pvt. Ltd.)
India
1.60%
Wipro Connected Services
Engineering Corp. (Formerly known
as Harman Connected Services
Engineering Corp.)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Connected Services UK
Limited (Formerly known as Harman
Connected Services UK Limited)
UK
100.00%

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Harman Connected Services
Morocco
Morocco
100.00%
Wipro Connected Services US Midco
LLC (Formerly known as Harman
Connected Services US Midco LLC)
USA
100.00%
Harman Connected Services
AB (1)
Sweden
100.00%
The Wipro SA Broad Based
Ownership Scheme Trust
Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership
100.00%
Wipro Technologies South Africa
South Africa
30.58%
The Company controls The Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership Scheme Trust , Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership Scheme SPV (RF) (PTY) LTD' incorporated in
South Africa and Wipro Foundation in India.
(2) Grove Holdings 2 S.á.r.l. has transferred its entire shareholding in Capco Consulting Middle East FZE to Wipro IT Services UK Societas, effective September
19, 2025.
(3) Wipro (Tianjin) Limited has been incorporated with effect from May 23, 2025, which is 100% held by Wipro Networks Pte Limited.
(4) The Company, through its subsidiaries, has acquired 100% shareholding in Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly known as Harman Connected Services,
Inc.) and its subsidiaries, effective December 1, 2025.
(5) Wipro Digital Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary, has merged with Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly known as Harman Connected Services, Inc.), a step-
down subsidiary, effective December 1, 2025.
(6) Cardinal US Holdings, Inc transferred its entire ownership in Capco Consulting Services LLC to The Capital Markets Company, LLC effective
March 30, 2026.
(9) Rizing Consulting USA, LLC (Formerly known as Rizing Consulting USA, Inc.) merged with Rizing LLC effective March 31, 2026.
(10) Wipro Business Services LLC has been incorporated as a step down subsidiary of the Company with effect from January 20, 2026, which is 100% held by
Wipro, LLC.
(1) Step Subsidiary details of The Capital Markets Company LLC, HealthPlan Services, Inc., International TechneGroup Incorporated, Wipro NextGen Enterprise
Inc., Rizing Intermediate Holdings, Inc., The Capital Markets Company BV, Wipro Ampion Holdings Pty Ltd, Wipro Appirio, Inc., Wipro Designit Services, Inc., Wipro
do Brasil Technologia Ltda, Wipro Portugal S.A. and Harman Connected Services AB are as follows

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
The Capital Markets
Company, LLC
USA
Capco Consulting Services LLC(6)
USA
100.00%
HealthPlan Services,
USA
HealthPlan Services Insurance
Agency, LLC
USA
100.00%
International
TechneGroup
Incorporated
USA
100.00%
Israel
100.00%
Italy
100.00%
Wipro NextGen
Enterprise Inc.
USA
LeanSwift AB
Sweden
100.00%
Rizing Intermediate
Holdings, Inc.
USA
Sri Lanka
100.00%
Attune Netherlands B.V.(11)
Netherlands
100.00%
Canada
100.00%
Rizing LLC(9)
USA
100.00%
Netherlands
100.00%
Rizing Consulting Ireland
Ireland
100.00%
Australia
100.00%
Rizing Geospatial LLC
USA
100.00%
Rizing GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Rizing Pte Ltd.(11)
Singapore
100.00%
The Capital Markets
Company BV

Belgium
South Africa
100.00%

Capco Belgium BV

Belgium
100.00%
s.r.o
Slovakia
15.00%
Capco Consultancy (Thailand)
Thailand
0.04%
Capco Consultancy (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd
Malaysia
100.00%
Thailand
99.92%
Singapore
100.00%
Capco Greece Single Member P.C
Greece
100.00%
Poland
100.00%

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Capco Consultancy
Thailand
0.04%
Hong Kong
0.01%
The Capital Markets Company GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Capco Austria GmbH
Austria
100.00%
Hong Kong
99.99%
Canada
100.00%

Capco Brasil Serviços E
Consultoria Ltda
Brazil
0.01%
The Capital Markets Company S.á.r.l
Switzerland
100.00%
Andrion AG
Switzerland
100.00%
The Capital Markets Company S.A.S
France
100.00%
The Capital Markets Company s.r.o
Slovakia
85.00%
Wipro Ampion
Holdings Pty Ltd
Australia
Australia
100.00%
Australia
100.00%
USA
Ireland
100.00%
Topcoder, LLC
USA
100.00%
USA
Ireland
100.00%
Wipro do Brasil Technologia Ltda
Brazil
Wipro do Brasil Servicos Ltda
Brazil
100.00%
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas De
Informatica Ltda
Brazil
96.84%

Portugal
Wipro do Brasil Technologia Ltda
Brazil
0.56%
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas De
Informatica Ltda
Brazil
3.09%

Wipro Technologies GmbH

Germany
85.13%
Wipro Business Solutions
GmbH(11)
Germany
100.00%
Wipro IT Services Austria GmbH
Austria
100.00%
Harman Connected Services AB
Sweden
Harman Connected Services
Solutions (Chengdu) Co. Ltd.
China
100.00%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
(11) Step Subsidiary details of Attune Netherlands B.V., Rizing Pte Ltd. and Wipro Business Solutions GmbH are as follows:
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Netherlands
Rizing Germany GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Attune Italia S.R.L
Italy
100.00%
Singapore
New Zealand
100.00%
Philippines
100.00%
Rizing SDN BHD
Malaysia
100.00%
Australia
100.00%
Wipro Business Solutions GmbH
Germany
Wipro Technology Solutions S.R.L
Romania
100.00%
As at March 31, 2026, Wipro, LLC held 43.7% interest in Drivestream Inc., incorporated in the USA, and Wipro IT Services
LLC held 27% interest in SDVerse LLC, incorporated in the USA, accounted for using the equity method.
Wipro Equity Reward Trust
India
Wipro Foundation
India
Vide the order dated June 06, 2025, the Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru bench, approved the scheme
of amalgamation for the merger of wholly owned subsidiaries Wipro HR Services India Private Limited, Wipro Overseas
IT Services Private Limited, Wipro Technology Product Services Private Limited, Wipro Trademarks Holding Limited
and Wipro VLSI Design Services India Private Limited with Wipro Limited. As per the said scheme, the appointed date is
April 1, 2025.
Nature
Azim Premji Foundation
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji Foundation for Development
Entity controlled by Promoters
Hasham Traders
Entity controlled by Promoters
Prazim Traders
Entity controlled by Promoters
Zash Traders
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities Fund I
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities Fund II
Entity controlled by Promoters

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Nature
Apex Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Private Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Investment Fund
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pl International Holdings LLC
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji Education Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Napean Opportunities LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Investment Advisory LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
WEPL Family Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Wipro Enterprises (P) Limited and its subsidiaries
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji University
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities Fund I Scheme II
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities AIF V LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
Vidyaniti LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Investment Fund Scheme II
Entity controlled by Promoters
Tariq Azim Premji Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Independent Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Joint Venture between Wipro Enterprises (P) Limited and
General Electric

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Nature
Wipro Information Technology Limited Provident Fund Trust
Wipro Systems Provident Fund Trust
Wipro Limited Management Employees Pension Fund
Wipro Limited BPO Division Employees Superannuation Trust
Wipro Infotech Limited Management Employees Pension Fund
Wipro Limited Employees Superannuation Fund
Wipro Limited Employees Gratuity Fund
Wipro Limited BPO Division Employees Gratuity Trust
Azim H. Premji
Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director (designated
as "Founder Chairman")(1)
Rishad A. Premji
Chairman of the Board (designated as "Executive
Chairman")
Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Aparna C. Iyer
Chief Financial Officer
Päivi Rekonen
Independent Director
N. S. Kannan
Independent Director
Dr. Patrick J. Ennis
Independent Director(2)
Patrick Dupuis
Independent Director(2)
Laura Marie Miller
Independent Director(3)
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Independent Director
Tulsi Naidu
Independent Director
M. Sanaulla Khan
Company Secretary
(2) Dr. Patrick J. Ennis and Mr. Patrick Dupuis retired from their positions as Independent Directors of the Company with effect from the close of business
hours on March 31, 2026.
(3) On March 5, 2026, the Board of Directors approved the appointment of Ms. Laura Marie Miller as an Additional Director in the capacity of Independent
Director for a term of five years, with effect from April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2031, subject to the approval of the Members of the Company. The
appointment was approved by the Members of the Company vide special resolution dated May 21, 2026, passed through postal ballot by e-voting.
Close members of Key management personnel:
Yasmeen A. Premji
Tariq A. Premji
Aditi Mehta Premji
Avita Hazarika

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Entities
Promoters
Key
Associate/Joint
Venture
Other related
Transactions for the year ended March 31, 2026
I 358
I -
I 7
I -
Purchase of goods/services
-
Dividend (1)
78,692
5,097
-
Rental income
-
Rent paid
-
Sale of investment
-
Advance paid to supplier
-
7,058
Contribution to Gratuity trust
-
5,220
Investment
-
Others
-
Key management personnel(2)
Remuneration and short-term benefits(3)
I -
I 525
I -
I -
Other benefits(4)
-
Balance as at March 31, 2026
Receivables
I 371
I -
I -
I -
Payables
-
Entities
Promoters
Key
Associate/Joint
Venture
Other related
Transactions for the year ended March 31, 2025
H 305
H -
H -
H -
Purchase of goods/services
-
Dividend(1)
42,923
2,780
-
Rental income
-
Rent paid
-
6,517
Others
-
Key management personnel(2)(5)
Remuneration and short-term benefits(3)
H -
H 619
H -
H -
Other benefits(4)
-
Balance as at March 31, 2025
Receivables
H 255
H -
H -
H -
Payables
-
(1) Includes close members of key management personnel.
(2) Post employment benefit and other long-term benefits including compensated absences are not disclosed, as these are determined for the Company as a
whole based on actuarial valuation.
(3) Remuneration and short-term benefits includes sitting fees and commission paid to non-executive directors, non-independent directors, and independent
directors.
(4) Other benefits include I 272 and I 284, for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively towards amortisation of RSUs granted to key management
personnel, which vest over a period of time. This also includes RSU s that will vest based on performance parameters of the Company.
(5) Remuneration, short-term benefits and other benefits for Mr. Srinivas Pallia is for the period from April 7, 2024 to March 31, 2025.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
The following are the significant related party transactions during the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025:
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Sales of goods and services to entities controlled by/with significant influence of
Promoters

I 348
H 269

Sale of goods and services to Associate/Joint venture

SDVerse LLC
I 7
H -
Items of property, plant and equipments purchased from entities controlled by/
with significant influence of Promoters

I 142
H 155

-
Purchase of goods and service from entities controlled by/with significant influence
of Promoters
Wipro Pari GmBH
I 88
H 409
-
Ticketing and Hospitality for entities controlled by/with significant influence of
Promoters
I 240
H 283
PI Investment Advisory LLP
Azim Premji Foundation for Development
Azim Premji University
Azim Premji Trust
Azim Premji Education Trust
Azim Premji Foundation
Vidyaniti LLP
-
PI International Holdings LLC
-
^
Hasham Traders
-
^
Dividend paid to entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters
Zash Traders
I 24,224
H 12,487
Prazim Traders
23,763
12,248
Hasham Traders
20,755
10,607
Azim Premji Trust
7,484
6,379
2,131
1,020
Hasham Investment And Trading Co Pvt Ltd

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Dividend paid to Key management personnel
Azim H. Premji
I 4,743
H 2,587
Rishad A. Premji
Tariq A. Premji
Yasmeen A. Premji
Srinivas Pallia
Aparna C. Iyer
^
M. Sanaulla Khan
^
Rental income from entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters

I 11
H 7

PI Investment Advisory LLP
-
Rent paid to Key management personnel

Azim H. Premji
I 12
H 12
Rent paid to entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters

I 1
H 1
Advances Paid to entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters

I 46
H -
Sale of investment with Associate/Joint venture

I 181
H -

Wipro Systems Provident Fund Trust
I 7,058
H 6,517
Contribution to Gratuity trust

Wipro Limited Employees Gratuity Fund
I 5,220
H -
Investment with Associate/Joint venture

I 348
H -
Others transactions with entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters
I 8
H 9
Azim Premji Foundation
Azim Premji Education Trust
^
PI Investment Advisory LLP
-
^
Remuneration paid to Key management personnel
Azim H. Premji(1)
I 11
H 11
Rishad A. Premji
Srinivas Pallia
Aparna C. Iyer
Patrick Dupuis(2)
Tulsi Naidu(2)
M. Sanaulla Khan
Dr. Patrick J. Ennis(2)
Deepak M. Satwalekar(2)
Paivi Rekonen(2)
N. S. Kannan(2)

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Receivables from entities controlled by/with significant influence of Promoters
I 253
H 148
-
Azim Premji Foundation
Wipro Pari Inc
-
PI Investment Advisory LLP
Wipro Linecraft AI Private Limited
-
Wipro PARI High Speed Automation Private Limited
-
Vidyaniti LLP
-
Payable to Key management personnel
Azim H. Premji
I 3
H 3
Rishad A. Premji
Srinivas Pallia
Aparna C. Iyer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Paivi Rekonen
Dr. Patrick J. Ennis
Patrick Dupuis
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Tulsi Naidu
N. S. Kannan
Number of Bonus shares issued to entities controlled by/with significant influence of
Promoters
Zash Traders
-
1,040,566,791
Hasham Traders
-
883,913,365
Prazim Traders
-
1,020,648,973
Azim Premji Trust
-
531,592,983
-
1,355,953
-
84,954,128
-
13,862,415
Number of Bonus shares issued to Key management personnel
Azim H. Premji
-
215,578,357
Rishad A. Premji
-
6,768,891
Tariq A. Premji
-
6,619,215
Yasmeen A. Premji
-
2,559,378
Srinivas Pallia
-
100,000
Aparna C. Iyer
-
16,751
M. Sanaulla Khan
-
20,200
(1) Includes sitting fees and commission paid to Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director.
(2) Includes sitting fees and commission paid to Independent Directors.
All related party transactions were entered at an arm s length basis and in the ordinary course of business. There are no
materially significant related party transactions made by the Company with promoters, directors or key management
personnel, which may have a potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
37. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AS REQUIRED UNDER SCHEDULE III TO THE
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 PURSUANT TO PARA 2 OF GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE
PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Net Asset
Share in
Profit or Loss
Share in Other
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
Parent
Wipro Limited(3)
72.1%
H 634,938
91.9%
H121,270
(24.6)%
H (8,665)
67.3%
H 112,605
Indian Subsidiaries
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
-
0.0%
0.3%
2,644
0.6%
(0.0)%
(4)
0.4%
Connected Services Corporation Wipro India Private
Limited(1)
0.6%
5,460
0.3%
(0.8)%
(281)
0.0%
-
0.0%
Foreign Subsidiaries
0.1%
(0.0)%
(9)
0.0%
0.4%
3,490
0.1%
0.2%
Wipro IT Services Austria GmbH
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
Cardinal US Holdings, Inc.(8)(9)
2.4%
21,506
(0.0)%
(1)
0.2%
0.0%
Andrion AG
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
Capco Austria GmbH
0.0%
(0.0)%
(29)
0.0%
(0.0)%
(17)
Capco Belgium BV
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
0.3%
2,258
(0.2)%
(295)
0.8%
(0.0)%
(6)
The Capital Markets Company Italy Srl
0.0%
The Capital Markets Company Limited(5)
0.4%
3,541
0.2%
1.3%
0.5%
The Capital Markets Company s.r.o
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
The Capital Markets Company Limited(4)
(0.0)%
(283)
(0.3)%
(382)
(0.0)%
(16)
(0.2)%
(398)
The Capital Markets Company S.A.S
0.0%
(0.2)%
(288)
0.1%
(0.1)%
(248)
0.1%
0.2%
The Capital Markets Company S.á.r.l
0.1%
0.3%
0.1%
(0.0)%
(10)
(0.0)%
(1)
(0.0)%
(1)
(0.0)%
(2)
0.0%
The Capital Markets Company GmbH
(0.1)%
(750)
(0.4)%
(501)
(0.2)%
(74)
(0.3)%
(575)
Capco Consultancy (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd
0.0%
(0.0)%
(20)
0.0%
(0.0)%
(8)
Capco Greece Single Member P.C
0.1%
1,069
0.3%
0.4%
0.3%
0.1%
(0.0)%
(46)
0.2%
0.0%
0.1%
LeanSwift AB
0.0%
Edgile, LLC
0.1%
(0.1)%
(114)
0.2%
(0.0)%
(55)

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Net Asset
Share in
Profit or Loss
Share in Other
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
Designit A/S
0.0%
(0.4)%
(566)
0.1%
(0.3)%
(527)
Designit Denmark A/S
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
Designit Germany GmbH
(0.1)%
(490)
0.0%
(0.2)%
(77)
(0.0)%
(63)
Designit Oslo A/S
0.0%
Designit Spain Digital, S.L.U
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
HealthPlan Services Insurance Agency, LLC
0.1%
1,090
(0.1)%
(142)
0.3%
(0.0)%
(30)
0.2%
2,049
1.3%
1,702
1.0%
1.2%
2,038
Infocrossing, LLC
0.2%
1,488
2.4%
3,197
0.4%
2.0%
3,343
International TechneGroup Incorporated
0.1%
1,137
0.6%
0.1%
0.5%
0.0%
0.1%
0.2%
0.1%
PT. WT Indonesia
0.0%
0.1%
Rainbow Software LLC
-
Grove Holdings 2 S.á.r.l
0.7%
5,980
1.8%
2,314
0.1%
1.4%
2,340
The Capital Markets Company BV
0.8%
7,410
(2.2)%
(2,910)
1.9%
(1.3)%
(2,225)
The Capital Markets Company LLC(9)(10)
0.5%
4,809
0.1%
1.3%
0.3%
Capco RISC Consulting LLC(10)
(0.0)%
(237)
(0.0)%
(36)
(0.1)%
(22)
(0.0)%
(58)
Capco Consulting Services LLC(9)
0.4%
3,848
1.1%
1,419
0.9%
1.0%
1,753
Capco Brasil Serviços E Consultoria Ltda
0.1%
1,256
0.3%
0.4%
0.3%
Capco Solution Services Gmbh
0.0%
(0.0)%
(1)
0.0%
0.1%
-
0.2%
0.1%
0.2%
1,652
0.2%
0.8%
0.3%
0.0%
0.1%
(0.0)%
(3)
0.1%
Topcoder, LLC
(0.0)%
(17)
0.1%
(0.0)%
(5)
0.1%
0.2%
1,498
0.3%
0.6%
0.4%
0.0%
0.1%
0.5%
4,827
0.8%
1,097
1.2%
0.9%
1,521
Wipro Bahrain Limited Co. W.L.L
0.0%
(0.1)%
(73)
0.1%
(0.0)%
(39)
0.2%
1,829
0.5%
0.8%
0.6%
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas De Informatica
Ltda
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
Wipro do Brasil Technologia Ltda
0.4%
3,622
(0.2)%
(243)
2.1%
0.3%
Wipro Doha LLC
0.1%
0.5%
4,158
(0.9)%
(1,169)
0.5%
(0.6)%
(1,002)
Wipro Gallagher Solutions, LLC
0.0%
0.4%
0.1%
0.3%

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Net Asset
Share in
Profit or Loss
Share in Other
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
Wipro Gulf LLC
0.0%
(0.1)%
(102)
0.0%
(0.1)%
(86)
0.4%
3,868
0.1%
1.3%
0.4%
Wipro Holdings Hungary Korlátolt Felelősségű
Társaság(2)
-
1.6%
2,111
-
1.3%
2,111
Wipro Information Technology Kazakhstan LLP
0.0%
(0.0)%
(7)
0.0%
1.2%
10,701
0.2%
0.9%
0.3%
Wipro Insurance Solutions, LLC
0.2%
1,968
0.2%
0.6%
0.3%
Wipro IT Service Ukraine, LLC
0.0%
-
(0.1)%
(892)
(0.2)%
(228)
(0.2)%
(66)
(0.2)%
(294)
Wipro IT Services Poland SP Z.O.O
0.4%
3,205
0.2%
1.1%
0.4%
0.0%
0.1%
Wipro IT Services UK Societas
5.5%
48,677
0.7%
(6.0)%
(2,103)
(0.7)%
(1,156)
Wipro IT Services, LLC(8)
0.6%
5,648
(16.7)%
(22,098)
(8.9)%
(3,154)
(15.1)%
(25,252)
Wipro Japan KK
0.1%
(0.1)%
(81)
0.1%
(0.0)%
(53)
0.4%
3,099
1.3%
1,723
0.5%
1.1%
1,887
Wipro Outsourcing Services (Ireland) Limited
0.0%
(0.0)%
(5)
0.0%
(0.0)%
(1)
2.7%
23,976
3.8%
5,068
2.8%
3.6%
6,043
0.8%
7,447
0.0%
0.2%
0.1%
0.0%
0.1%
0.3%
2,804
0.6%
0.8%
0.7%
1,091
0.3%
2,570
0.0%
(0.9)%
(312)
(0.2)%
(285)
Wipro Technologies GmbH
0.9%
7,553
1.1%
1,444
0.8%
1.0%
1,728
0.0%
(0.0)%
(162)
0.0%
(0.1)%
(31)
(0.0)%
(25)
Wipro Technologies Peru SAC
0.0%
(0.0)%
(14)
0.0%
-
Wipro Business Solutions GmbH
0.7%
5,765
0.2%
2.6%
0.7%
1,237
Wipro Technology Solutions S.R.L
0.1%
0.3%
0.1%
Wipro Technologies SA
0.0%
(0.0)%
(10)
(0.0)%
(8)
(0.0)%
(18)
Wipro Technologies SRL
0.2%
1,681
0.2%
0.6%
0.2%
Wipro Technologies SA DE CV
0.3%
2,231
(0.1)%
(117)
1.3%
0.2%
Wipro Technologies SDN BHD
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
(0.1)%
(104)
0.2%
(0.0)%
(26)
Wipro Technologies W.T. Sociedad Anonima
0.0%
(0.0)%
(11)
0.2%
0.0%
Wipro Technology Chile SPA
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
-
0.0%
Wipro, LLC
14.7%
128,972
(4.7)%
(6,210)
18.4%
6,501
0.2%
Wipro Telecom Consulting LLC
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Net Asset
Share in
Profit or Loss
Share in Other
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
Rizing Intermediate Holdings, Inc.
1.4%
12,115
0.0%
-
0.0%
0.2%
1,330
0.0%
(0.1)%
(25)
(0.0)%
(16)
0.4%
3,708
0.1%
0.9%
0.3%
0.0%
(0.1)%
(104)
0.1%
(0.0)%
(69)
Rizing LLC(7)
0.9%
8,048
1.3%
1,725
0.1%
1.0%
1,756
Aasonn Philippines Inc.(2)
-
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
0.1%
(0.1)%
(138)
0.4%
(0.0)%
(8)
Rizing Geospatial LLC
0.0%
(0.2)%
(283)
0.1%
(0.2)%
(263)
Rizing GmbH
0.0%
(0.1)%
(738)
(0.7)%
(977)
(0.1)%
(40)
(0.6)%
(1,017)
0.1%
0.0%
0.1%
Rizing Consulting USA, LLC(7)
0.1%
0.3%
0.2%
Rizing Germany GmbH
0.5%
4,055
0.1%
1.7%
0.5%
Attune Italia S.R.L
0.0%
(0.0)%
(37)
0.0%
(0.0)%
(26)
(0.0)%
(14)
(0.0)%
(8)
(0.0)%
(1)
(0.0)%
(9)
(0.0)%
(10)
(0.0)%
(2)
(0.0)%
(4)
(0.0)%
(6)
Rizing SDN BHD
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
Wipro do Brasil Servicos Ltda
0.0%
(0.0)%
(20)
0.2%
0.0%
Wipro CRM Services
0.1%
(0.2)%
(231)
0.1%
(0.1)%
(187)
0.0%
0.1%
Wipro 4C Consulting France SAS
0.0%
(0.0)%
(3)
0.0%
Wipro CRM Services ApS
0.0%
-
0.0%
Wipro VLSI Design Services, LLC
0.0%
Women's Business Park Technologies
0.1%
0.4%
0.1%
0.3%
Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership Scheme
SPV (RF) (PTY) Ltd
0.1%
(0.1)%
(102)
(0.0)%
(12)
(0.1)%
(114)
The Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership
Scheme Trust
0.0%
0.1%
(0.2)%
(64)
0.1%
Wipro Czech Republic IT Services s.r.o.
0.0%
Wipro Regional Headquarter
0.0%
(0.0)%
(3)
0.0%
0.2%
1,545
0.4%
Capco Consulting Middle East FZE
0.0%
(0.0)%
(24)
0.0%
(0.0)%
(20)
-
(0.0)%
(20)
0.0%
(0.0)%
(18)
Wipro Connected Services, Inc.(1)(6)
(4.0)%
(35,213)
(0.3)%
(461)
(9.0)%
(3,191)
(2.2)%
(3,652)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Net Asset
Share in
Profit or Loss
Share in Other
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
As % of
Amount
in I
Wipro Connected Services Mauritius Pvt Ltd(1)
0.4%
3,259
(0.0)%
(2)
-
(0.0)%
(2)
Wipro Connected Services Engineering Corp.(1)
-
Wipro Connected Services UK Limited(1)
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
Harman Connected Services Solutions (Chengdu)
Co. Ltd.(1)
0.2%
2,044
0.0%
0.5%
0.1%
Wipro Connected Services US Midco LLC(1)
-
Harman Connected Services Morocco(1)
-
Harman Connected Services AB(1)
1.1%
9,696
0.1%
1.7%
0.4%
Wipro Business Services LLC
-
Applied Value Technologies Pte. Limited
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
-
Wipro Life Science Solutions, LLC
(0.0)%
(4)
(0.0)%
(49)
0.0%
(0.0)%
(48)
Associates
0.2%
H 1,716
0.2%
H 282
0.0%
H -
0.2%
H 282
Joint Ventures
SDVerse LLC
0.0%
H 410
(0.0)%
H (25)
0.0%
H -
(0.0)%
H (25)
Trusts
Wipro Equity Reward Trust
0.2%
H 1,859
0.1%
H 157
0.0%
H -
0.1%
H 157
Wipro Foundation
0.0%
(0.0)%
(3)
(0.0)%
(1)
(0.0)%
(4)
Non-controlling interest
(0.3)%
H (2,509)
(0.5)%
H (680)
(0.7)%
H (246)
(0.6)%
H (926)
Adjustment arising out of consolidation
(14.7)%
(129,820)
11.2%
14,813
93.2%
32,871
28.5%
47,684
Grand Total
100% K 880,183
100% K 131,974
100%
K 35,276
100%
K 167,250
(1) These entities are acquired during the year ended March 31, 2026
(2) Liquidated during the year ended March 31, 2026.
(3) Wipro HR Services India Private Limited,Wipro Overseas IT Services Private Limited,Wipro Technology Product Services Private Limited,Wipro Trademarks
Holding Limited and Wipro VLSI Design Services India Private Limited are merged with Wipro Limited during the year ended March 31, 2026.
(4) The Capital Markets Company Limited incorporated in Hong Kong.
(5) The Capital Markets Company Limited is incorporated in Canada.
(6) Wipro Digital Inc. has been reverse merged with Wipro Connected Services, Inc. during the year ended March 31,2026.
(7) Rizing Consulting USA, LLC (Formerly known as Rizing Consulting USA, Inc.) merged with Rizing LLC during the year ended March 31,2026.
(8) Cardinal US Holdings, Inc. merged with Wipro IT Services, LLC during the year ended March 31,2026.
(9) Cardinal US Holdings, Inc transferred its entire ownership in Capco Consulting Services LLC to The Capital Markets Company, LLC during the year ended
March 31,2026.
(10) Capco RISC Consulting LLC merged with The Capital Markets Company, LLC during the year ended March 31,2026.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
38. On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified four labour codes (the Labour Codes ), effective
immediately, replacing the existing 29 labour laws. In accordance with Ind AS 19, employee benefits and changes to
employee benefit plans arising from legislative amendments are treated as plan amendments, requiring immediate
recognition of past service cost in the Statement of profit and loss. This approach is consistent with the guidance issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
The Company has concluded the salary restructuring exercise in compliance with the Labour Codes. The implementation
of the Labour Codes has resulted in a net increase of I 2,756 in the provision for gratuity and remeasurement of leave
encashment, which has been recognised as employee benefit expense in the current year. The Company continues
to monitor the finalisation of Central and State Rules, as well as Government clarifications on other aspects of the
Labour Codes.
39. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

The Company completed its acquisition of Mindsprint, Olam Group s IT services arm, a provider of technology
and digital transformation services in May 2026 for a total consideration of U.S.$ 375 million.

On April 14, 2026, the Company signed a definitive agreement to acquire select customer contracts of Alpha
Net Consulting, a provider of enterprise software development, data engineering, and managed services for
a total consideration (including earnouts) of U.S.$ 70.8 million. The acquisition is subject to customary closing
conditions and is expected to be concluded by quarter ending June 30, 2026.

On April 16, 2026, the Company s Board of Directors approved a proposal to buyback of equity shares, subject
to the approval of shareholders, for purchase by the Company of up to 600,000,000 equity shares of I 2 each
(being 5.7% of total number of equity shares) from the shareholders of the Company on a proportionate basis by
way of a tender offer at a price of I 250 per equity share for an aggregate amount not exceeding I 150,000, in
accordance with the provisions contained in the SEBI (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended
and the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder. This proposal was approved by the shareholders of
the Company by way of a special resolution dated May 21, 2026, passed through postal ballot by e-voting.

On June 1, 2026, the Company acquired additional 20% equity interest in Aggne Global Inc. for a consideration of
U.S. $ 28.5 million.
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Rishad A. Premji
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Srinivas Pallia
Chartered Accountants
Chairman
Director
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Firm s Registration No.: 117366W/W - 100018
(DIN: 02983899)
(DIN: 00009627)
Anand Subramanian
Aparna C. Iyer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Partner
Chief Financial Officer
Company Secretary
Membership No.: 110815
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

AOC-1
Information relating to Subsidiaries/Associate Companies/Joint Ventures as at March 31, 2026/January 31, 2026/December 31, 2025
[Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Part A: Subsidiaries [as per Section 2(87) of the Companies Act, 2013]
1.
List of Subsidiaries
Name of the Subsidiary
Date of
Start
Reporting
Currency
Exchange
Mar 31, 2026/
Dec 31, 2025/
Jan 31, 2026
Share
Reserves
and Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
(8) & (9)
Investments
Shareholding
Turnover
Profit
Provision
Profit
Proposed
Dividend
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
(9)
(10)
(11)
(12)
(13)
(14)
(15)
(16)
(17)
(18)
Wipro, LLC
2917922
07-Jul-98
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
185,564
(41,893)
164,211
20,539
31,907
100%
122,963
(6,309)
(6,671)
-
Wipro Gallagher Solutions, LLC
L18000079425
01-Jul-08
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
4,678
(4,444)
2,468
2,234
-
100%
4,944
-
Wipro Insurance Solutions, LLC
5250331
30-Nov-12
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
1,052
2,708
-
100%
5,677
-
Wipro IT Services, LLC
5722867
06-Apr-15
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
201,245
(170,788)
107,225
76,769
-
100%
9,833
(10,288)
(300)
(9,987)
-
406663
29-Feb-16
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
USD
89.87
9,526
(3,234)
16,059
9,767
-
100%
16,221
3,142
2,187
-
4208882
23-Nov-16
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
1,731
2,358
-
100%
1,830
-
Infocrossing, LLC
3046613
20-Sep-07
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
14,444
(12,956)
6,336
4,848
-
100%
14,891
4,696
1,262
3,434
-
602 942 224
21-Feb-20
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
1,091
1,066
-
100%
3,292
-
Wipro VLSI Design Services, LLC
201323510229
24-Feb-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
-
100%
-
4949087
31-Dec-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
-
100%
1,744
-
Edgile, LLC
3483366
31-Dec-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
-
100%
2,472
(134)
(11)
(123)
-
Wipro Telecom Consulting LLC
06103579
11-Apr-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
-
100%
1,537
-
04611828
09-Dec-02
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
GBP
125.43
19,111
(15,231)
4,019
-
100%
-
Designit A/S
35398910
06-Aug-15
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
DKK
14.57
-
100%
*
-
Designit Denmark A/S
14650091
06-Aug-15
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
DKK
14.57
-
100%
-
Designit Germany GmbH
171246
06-Aug-15
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
(505)
-
100%
*
-
Designit Oslo AS
990 679 614
06-Aug-15
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
NOK
9.71
-
100%
*
-
513660654
06-Aug-15
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
ILS
29.99
*
-
100%
*
-
Designit Spain Digital, S.L.U
B86084233
06-Aug-15
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
*
-
100%
*
-
Wipro Financial Outsourcing
Services Limited
02422306
01-Jun-11
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
GBP
125.43
5,491
(1,267)
9,122
4,897
-
100%
9,653
(1,670)
(413)
(1,257)
-
01396396
01-Jun-11
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
GBP
125.43
*
-
100%
*
-
40088240
01-Nov-18
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
RON
21.35
*
-
100%
-
Wipro IT Services UK Societas
SE000134
29-Feb-16
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
64,169
96,278
32,096
9,892
100%
6,794
(371)
(355)
(16)
-
Wipro Technologies SA DE CV
N-2020043923
13-Jun-07
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
MXN
5.00
*
2,243
4,184
1,940
-
100%
7,553
(839)
(857)
-
Wipro IT Services Poland Sp. z o.o.
0000416942
06-Apr-12
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
PLN
25.38
*
3,205
4,668
1,463
-
100%
4,964
-
Wipro IT Services Ukraine, LLC
39426332
06-Oct-14
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
UAH
2.16
*
-
100%
*
-
Wipro Information Technology
Netherlands B.V.
34167218
30-Jun-06
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
9,772
4,617
15,098
-
100%
(412)
(172)
(240)
-
503961175
30-Jun-06
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
4,818
3,681
8,767
-
100%
1,397
1,414
1,403
-

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Name of the Subsidiary
Date of
Start
Reporting
Currency
Exchange
Mar 31, 2026/
Dec 31, 2025/
Jan 31, 2026
Share
Reserves
and Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
(8) & (9)
Investments
Shareholding
Turnover
Profit
Provision
Profit
Proposed
Dividend
1087746189926
08-Feb-08
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
RUB
1.17
-
100%
(3)
-
Wipro Technology Chile SPA
115784
19-Dec-11
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
CLP
0.10
-
100%
-
1938438
16-Aug-14
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
CAD
68.09
2,179
5,799
2,995
-
100%
9,390
1,144
-
Wipro Technologies W.T. Sociedad
Anonima
3-101-620693
15-Oct-10
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
CRC
0.20
*
-
100%
(13)
*
(13)
-
Wipro Outsourcing Services (Ireland)
513129
14-May-12
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
*
-
100%
*
-
Wipro Technologies Peru SAC
12339816
15-Aug-12
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
PEN
27.16
-
100%
(9)
(15)
-
Wipro do Brasil Technologia Ltda
41204577652
29-May-01
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
BRL
16.41
3,046
*
4,633
1,587
-
100%
8,513
(32)
-
Wipro Technologies SA
1799686
22-Apr-08
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
ARS
0.06
-
100%
(52)
(75)
-
Wipro Technologies SRL
18944060
17-Aug-06
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
RON
21.35
1,450
2,774
1,094
-
100%
5,784
-
Wipro Technologies SDN. BHD.
505909-H
16-Nov-06
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
MYR
23.49
-
100%
-
Wipro Technologies GmbH
108590
30-Jun-06
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
9,203
(152)
15,253
6,202
-
100%
16,543
1,809
1,540
-
Wipro IT Services Austria GmbH
208229 w
15-Jun-16
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
-
100%
1,149
-
Wipro Business Solutions GmbH
18232
01-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
5,705
6,380
-
100%
4,033
-
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas De Informatica
Ltda.
35228602938
22-Aug-14
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
BRL
16.41
-
100%
*
-
Wipro do Brasil Servicos Ltda
2320069402-1
14-Aug-20
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
BRL
16.41
-
100%
(49)
*
(49)
-
HealthPlan Services Insurance
Agency, LLC
L18000079235
29-Feb-16
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
USD
89.87
*
1,059
1,289
-
100%
1,359
(95)
(36)
(59)
-
Topcoder, LLC
3275809
23-Nov-16
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
2,218
(2,236)
-
100%
1,719
-
403374
23-Nov-16
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
-
100%
(8)
(1)
(7)
-
06767474
23-Nov-16
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
GBP
125.43
(626)
-
100%
*
-
587457
21-Feb-20
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
*
-
100%
*
-
LeanSwift AB
556815-7316
31-Dec-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
SEK
9.78
(147)
-
100%
*
(3)
*
(3)
-
Wipro Technology Solutions S.R.L
17056464
01-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
RON
21.35
-
100%
1,562
-
626522852
06-Aug-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
AUD
65.01
4,045
(465)
4,249
-
100%
3,370
-
107 913 342
06-Aug-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
AUD
65.01
*
-
100%
*
-
147 342 621
06-Aug-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
AUD
65.01
*
-
100%
*
-
Wipro CRM Services NV (Formerly
known as Wipro 4C NV)
0460.598.857
10-Aug-20
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
3,407
(2,336)
1,114
-
100%
(75)
(77)
-
Wipro CRM Services ApS
32 56 18 53
10-Aug-20
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
DKK
14.57
(107)
-
100%
(2)
-
Wipro 4C Consulting France S.A.S
821 551 496
10-Aug-20
01-Feb-25
31-Jan-26
EUR
109.78
(709)
-
100%
*
-
Rainbow Software LLC
000000309-02
10-Jan-16
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
IQD
0.07
*
-
100%
*
-
01858241209
03-Oct-19
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
-
100%
-
Wipro Information Technology
Kazakhstan LLP
120940014046
27-Sep-06
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
KZT
0.20
(32)
-
100%
(9)
*
(9)
-

Name of the Subsidiary
Date of
Start
Reporting
Currency
Exchange
Mar 31, 2026/
Dec 31, 2025/
Jan 31, 2026
Share
Reserves
and Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
(8) & (9)
Investments
Shareholding
Turnover
Profit
Provision
Profit
Proposed
Dividend
Wipro CRM Services B.V. (Formerly
known as Wipro 4C NEDERLAND B.V.)
75010135
10-Aug-20
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
-
100%
*
-
Wipro Doha LLC
64483
26-Feb-14
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
QAR
25.99
-
100%
-
Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership
201400986907
17-Jan-14
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
ZAR
5.52
(313)
*
-
100%
*
(32)
*
(32)
-
International TechneGroup Limited
01364362
03-Oct-19
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
GBP
125.43
*
-
100%
-
08010708
10-Aug-20
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
GBP
125.43
(328)
-
100%
-
International TechneGroup Incorporated
618078
03-Oct-19
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
1,242
1,844
-
100%
2,185
-
003 785 617
30-Apr-12
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
AUD
65.01
10,544
(7,582)
5,222
2,260
-
100%
1,210
(12)
-
Wipro Bahrain Limited Co. W.L.L
73168
28-Oct-09
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
BHD
250.26
-
100%
*
-
C-142404/2018
09-Jan-18
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
BDT
0.77
(1,224)
1,493
2,390
-
100%
(31)
(197)
-
91210200MA0QCU0E25
25-Dec-15
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
RMB
12.86
1,717
-
100%
2,904
-
91510100679680363N
21-Oct-08
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
RMB
12.86
2,837
1,353
-
100%
3,822
-
91310000761626497X
27-Apr-04
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
RMB
12.86
-
100%
-
PT. WT Indonesia
9120108362283
24-Jul-09
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
IDR
0.01
-
100%
(64)
-
514289040
03-Oct-19
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
ILS
29.99
(272)
-
100%
*
-
Wipro Japan KK
0200-01-041271
01-May-98
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
JPY
0.59
2,089
1,435
-
100%
3,914
(65)
(22)
(43)
-
1058534
15-Aug-12
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
NGN
0.07
(170)
-
100%
*
-
CS200716308
16-Oct-07
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
PHP
1.56
23,681
28,351
4,375
17,433
100%
13,082
4,706
4,284
-
2051034646
19-Jun-07
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
SAR
23.96
3,242
9,089
5,127
-
67%
11,642
1,540
1,304
-
Women s Business Park Technologies
1010612575
26-Oct-17
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
SAR
25.25
1,629
1,166
-
67%
1,484
-
Wipro Networks Pte. Limited
199907933M
15-Dec-99
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
2,120
1,342
3,855
-
100%
2,264
1,970
1,850
-
Wipro Technologies South Africa
201001682907
02-Nov-10
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
ZAR
5.52
-
100%
1,419
-
Wipro Gulf LLC
1092545
01-Jun-11
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
OMR
246.14
(92)
-
100%
(100)
(141)
(34)
(107)
-
0105551123447
30-Jul-07
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
THB
2.88
-
100%
-
791703
29-Apr-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
HKD
11.55
1,529
(1,701)
1,064
1,237
-
100%
1,591
(385)
*
(385)
-
Capco Consultancy (Thailand) Limited
0105560170762
29-Apr-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
THB
2.84
-
100%
-
The Capital Markets Company BV
0463.785.605
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
7,524
9,237
1,494
-
100%
(28)
-
Capco Belgium BV
0899.013.618
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
-
100%
*
-
1548851
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
CAD
68.09
*
3,550
4,771
1,221
-
100%
5,548
-
The Capital Markets Company Sàrl
CHE114.474.238
29-Apr-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
CHF
113.36
1,381
-
100%
2,404
*
-
Andrion ag
CHE-105.459.487
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
CHF
118.54
-
100%
*
-
The Capital Markets Company S.A.S
423 059 609
29-Apr-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
EUR
105.56
1,086
1,013
-
100%
2,926
(365)
*
(365)
-
Capco Poland sp. z o.o.
0000689511
29-Apr-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
PLN
25.01
*
-
100%
1,751
-
Capafric Consulting Proprietary Limited
201100405207
29-Apr-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
ZAR
5.42
*
-
100%
*
(1)
*
(1)
-
The Capital Markets Company GmbH
48367
29-Apr-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
EUR
105.56
(3)
1,150
-
100%
3,151
(412)
*
(412)
-
Capco Austria GmbH
477979 k
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
*
-
100%
(31)
*
(31)
-

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
Name of the Subsidiary
Date of
Start
Reporting
Currency
Exchange
Mar 31, 2026/
Dec 31, 2025/
Jan 31, 2026
Share
Reserves
and Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
(8) & (9)
Investments
Shareholding
Turnover
Profit
Provision
Profit
Proposed
Dividend
Slovakia s.r.o.
46 620362
29-Apr-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
EUR
105.56
*
-
100%
-
Capco Greece Single Member P.C
158079501000
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
-
100%
-
Capco Brasil Serviços E Consultoria
Ltda (Formerly known as Capco Brasil
Serviços E Consultoria Em Informática
Ltda)
35219906717
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
BRL
18.09
1,151
3,348
2,092
-
100%
8,161
-
The Capital Markets Company, LLC
2957049
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
16,569
(8,213)
13,794
5,438
-
100%
23,808
(106)
(129)
-
Capco Consulting Services LLC
3461214
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
3,866
6,277
2,411
-
100%
8,413
2,051
1,594
-
The Capital Markets Company (UK)
03638404
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
GBP
125.43
1,856
8,724
6,418
-
100%
24,156
(339)
(73)
(266)
-
Grove Holdings 2 S.à.r.l.
B120674
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
6,879
7,034
-
100%
*
2,486
2,477
-
Capco Consulting Singapore Pte. Ltd.
201218966M
29-Apr-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
SGD
69.90
1,028
(956)
-
100%
1,725
*
-
Capco Consultancy (Malaysia) SDN.
BHD.
1236354-T
29-Apr-21
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
MYR
22.13
(411)
-
100%
(14)
*
(14)
-
Rizing Intermediate Holdings Inc.
7015679
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
22,304
(8,666)
13,638
*
-
100%
*
-
Rizing LLC
7775086
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
31,432
(27,996)
5,081
1,645
-
100%
8,328
(1)
-
BC1404166
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
CAD
68.09
(92)
1,128
-
100%
2,784
(58)
(111)
-
Rizing GmbH
733189
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
-
100%
(3)
-
09376752
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
GBP
125.43
*
(738)
1,529
2,267
-
100%
1,141
(1,327)
(343)
(984)
-
482758
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
*
-
100%
*
-
Rizing Consulting Pty Ltd
154 216 145
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
AUD
65.01
1,140
-
100%
1,588
(130)
(42)
(88)
-
Rizing SDN. BHD.
1142727-A
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
MYR
23.49
(318)
-
100%
*
-
Rizing Pte. Ltd.
201527818H
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
SGD
73.47
4,360
(3,799)
-
100%
*
-
CS201511871
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
PHP
1.56
(46)
-
100%
(2)
*
(3)
-
U72200KA2004PTC034093
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
INR
1.00
*
-
100%
-
Rizing Geospatial LLC
L10000124484
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
1,488
(1,367)
-
100%
(419)
(115)
(304)
-
Rizing Lanka (Pvt) Ltd
PV11932
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
1,706
(188)
2,336
-
100%
1,636
(29)
-
60366397
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
3,777
3,778
-
100%
*
-
Rizing Germany GmbH (Formerly known
as Attune Germany Gmbh)
159991
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
3,893
4,462
-
100%
2,722
-
Attune UK Ltd
05655020
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
GBP
125.43
*
-
100%
-
606 750 118
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
AUD
65.01
1,449
(1,372)
-
100%
-
Rizing New Zealand Ltd
5850047
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
NZD
54.23
(120)
-
100%
(8)
*
(8)
-
Attune Italia S.r.l.
03600760239
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
-
100%
-
U91200KA1996PLC020622
10-Jun-96
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
INR
1.00
*
-
100%
-
U72200KA2008PTC046855
29-Apr-21
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
INR
1.00
*
2,672
3,485
100%
6,417
1,022
-
30212957
20-May-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
(221)
-
100%
-

Name of the Subsidiary
Date of
Start
Reporting
Currency
Exchange
Mar 31, 2026/
Dec 31, 2025/
Jan 31, 2026
Share
Reserves
and Surplus
Total
Assets
Total
Liabilities
(8) & (9)
Investments
Shareholding
Turnover
Profit
Provision
Profit
Proposed
Dividend
Capco Solution Services GmbH
43889
08-Dec-22
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
*
-
100%
*
(1)
-
The Capital Markets Company Italy SRL
2688087
09-Mar-23
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
-
100%
*
-
Wipro Czech Republic IT Services s.r.o.
197 87 448
04-Oct-23
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
CZK
4.43
-
100%
-
Wipro Regional Headquarters
2051252011
26-Nov-23
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
SAR
23.96
*
-
100%
*
-
P19000068988
13-Feb-24
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
1,545
2,223
-
60%
1,813
-
U72900TG2020PTC145507
13-Feb-24
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
INR
1.00
*
-
60%
-
5320850
30-Sep-24
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
-
100%
*
-
Wipro Life Science Solutions, LLC
5486856
10-Oct-24
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
(58)
-
100%
(74)
(21)
(53)
-
6308945
16-Dec-24
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
-
100%
1,759
-
87625784
16-Dec-24
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
EUR
108.87
*
-
100%
-
Capco Consulting Middle East FZE
17-Dec-24
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
AED
25.80
(25)
-
100%
*
(22)
*
(22)
-
Applied Value Technologies Pte. Ltd.
202143169D
03-Jan-25
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
SGD
69.90
*
-
100%
-
Harman Connected Services Morocco (c)
257567
01-Dec-25
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
MAD
10.09
*
-
100%
*
-
Wipro Connected Services Mauritius
Pvt Ltd (Formerly known as Harman
Connected Services Mauritius Pvt Ltd)(c)
C16039723
01-Dec-25
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
USD
89.87
*
-
100%
*
5,327
1,164
4,163
-
Wipro Connected Services Engineering
Corp. (Formerly known as Harman
Connected Services Engineering Corp.)(c)
3854172
01-Dec-25
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
-
100%
*
-
Harman Connected Services AB(c)
556250-3515
01-Dec-25
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
1,529
9,067
12,611
2,015
-
100%
*
-
Wipro Connected Services UK Limited
(Formerly known as Harman Connected
Services UK Limited)(c)
60710974
01-Dec-25
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
GBP
125.43
*
-
100%
3,019
-
Wipro India Private Limited (Formerly
known as Harman Connected Services
Corporation India Pvt. Ltd.)(c)
U72200KA2002PTC030427
01-Dec-25
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
INR
1.00
8,740
13,669
4,927
2,554
100%
15,317
1,393
-
Harman Connected Services Solutions
(Chengdu) Co. Ltd.(c)
915101006630262523
01-Dec-25
01-Jan-25
31-Dec-25
CNY
12.86
1,826
2,544
-
100%
2,102
1,874
1,418
-
Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly
known as Harman Connected Services,
Inc.) (c)
3489342
01-Dec-25
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
2,612
(37,029)
22,646
57,063
-
100%
8,319
(689)
(194)
(495)
-
Wipro Connected Services US Midco LLC
(Formerly known as Harman Connected
Services US Midco LLC) (c)
10299117
01-Dec-25
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
-
100%
*
-
Wipro (Tianjin) Limited(d)
91120116MAEKWKWN1K
23-May-25
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
CNY
13.71
-
100%
*
-
Wipro Business Services LLC (d)
10477684
20-Jan-26
01-Apr-25
31-Mar-26
USD
94.78
*
-
100%
*
-
a) Investments excludes investments in subsidiaries and associates.
b) Indian rupee equivalents of the figures in foreign currencies of the accounts of the subsidiary entities are based on the exchange rates as of the respective reporting period end dates.
c) In December 2025, the Company, through its subsidiaries, acquired 100% shareholding in Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (formerly Harman Connected Services, Inc.), together with its
subsidiaries as disclosed in Sl. Nos. 138 to 146.
d) During the financial year 2025-26, two subsidiaries of your Company i.e., Wipro (Tianjin) Limited and Wipro Business Services LLC were incorporated.
* Value is less than One Million Rupees.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT UNDER IND AS
2.
List of Subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations
CIN/any other registration number
Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations
10477684
Wipro Business Services LLC
3.
List of Subsidiaries which have been liquidated or have ceased to be a Subsidiary during the year
CIN/any other registration number
Names of subsidiaries
01-09-885951
Wipro Holdings Hungary Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság(1)
CS201115785
Aasonn Philippines Inc.(1)
U74999KA2016PTC129059
Wipro HR Services India Private Limited(2)
U72200KA2015PTC080266
Wipro Overseas IT Services Private Limited(2)
U72200KA2006PTC161048
Wipro Technology Product Services Private Limited(2)
U93090KA1982PLC021795
Wipro Trademarks Holding Limited(2)
U72200KA2014PTC161115
Wipro VLSI Design Services India Private Limited(2)
10283202
Wipro Digital Inc.(2)
10155269
Rizing Consulting USA, LLC(2)
6365669
Capco RISC Consulting LLC(2)
6419128
Cardinal US Holdings, Inc.(2)
(1) During the financial year 2025-26, two subsidiaries of your Company i.e. Wipro Holdings Hungary Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság and Aasonn Philippines Inc. were de-registered.
(2) During the financial year 2025-26, following subsidiaries of your Company merged:

The Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru bench vide its order dated June 6, 2025, approved the scheme of amalgamation for the merger of wholly owned subsidiaries Wipro
HR Services India Private Limited, Wipro Overseas IT Services Private Limited, Wipro Technology Product Services Private Limited, Wipro Trademarks Holding Limited and Wipro VLSI Design

Wipro Digital Inc. was incorporated effective August 4, 2025 and merged with Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly known as Harman Connected Services, Inc.) effective December 1, 2025.

Rizing Consulting USA, LLC merged with Rizing LLC effective March 31, 2026.

Capco RISC Consulting LLC merged with The Capital Markets Company, LLC effective March 30, 2026.

Cardinal US Holdings, Inc. merged with Wipro IT Services, LLC effective March 31, 2026.

Part- B: Associates and Joint Ventures
4.
List of Associates and Joint Ventures
Name of the
associates/Joint
Ventures
Latest
audited
Balance
Sheet date
Date on which
the Associate
or Joint
Venture was
associated or
acquired
Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures
held by the Company on the year end
Description
of how there
is significant
influence
Reason why the
associate/joint
venture is not
Networth
attributable to
shareholding
as per latest
audited
Balance Sheet
Profit or Loss for the year
held by the
Company in
Associate on
the year end
Amount of
investment in
Associates
Extent of
Holding (in
percentage)
Considered
in Consolidation
Not Considered in
Consolidation
Drivestream Inc. 31-Dec-24
12-Jun-17
94,527 Series A
Preferred Stock
27,865 common
stock 190,525
Series B
Preferred stock
400. Series C
Preferred stock
USD 13,480,032
43.75
Extent of equity
holding in
the associate
exceeds 20%.
Not Applicable
USD 830,357
USD 3,196,579
USD 4,109,888
SDVerse LLC
31-Dec-25
05-Mar-24
5,850,000
Class A Units
USD 5,850,000
27.00
Extent of equity
holding in the
joint venture
exceeds 20%.
Not Applicable
USD 1,645,471
(USD 286,467)
(USD 774,521)
5.
List of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations - Not Applicable
6.
List of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or have ceased to be associate or joint venture
during the year- Not Applicable
Rishad A. Premji
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Chairman
Director
(DIN: 02983899)
(DIN: 00009627)
Srinivas Pallia
Aparna Iyer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Chief Financial Officer
Company Secretary
(DIN: 10574442)

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Wipro Limited
OPINION ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position
of Wipro Limited and subsidiaries (the Company ) as of March 31, 2026 and 2025,
the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes
in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended March 31,
2026, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2026 and 2025, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
March 31, 2026, in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal
control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2026, based on criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
June 2, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control
over financial reporting.
BASIS FOR OPINION
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether
due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

CRITICAL AUDIT MATTER
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising
from the current-period audit of the financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that
are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way
our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and
we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below,
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on
the accounts or disclosures to which IT relates.
completion method - Refer Notes 2 (iv)(a), 3(xiv)B(i) and 24 to
the financial statements.
Critical Audit Matter Description
Company to determine the project costs incurred to date as a
percentage of total estimated project costs at completion. The
estimation of total project costs involves significant judgment
and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect
any changes based on the latest available information. In
addition, provisions for estimated losses, if any, on uncompleted
contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses
become probable based on the total estimated project costs.
where the percentage-of-completion method is used as
a critical audit matter because of the significant judgment
involved in estimating the efforts to complete such contracts.
the total estimated efforts used to recognize revenue from fixed-
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to estimate of efforts to complete
unauthorized changes to recording of efforts incurred.
Read the contract and based on the terms and
conditions evaluated whether recognizing revenue
over time using percentage-of-completion method
was appropriate, and confirmed that the contract was
included in management s calculation of revenue
over time.
methodologies to estimate progress towards
satisfying the performance obligation.
Compared efforts incurred to date with Company s
estimate of efforts incurred to date to identify
significant variations and evaluate whether those
variations have been considered appropriately
in estimating the remaining efforts to complete
Tested the estimate for consistency with the status
of delivery of milestones, customer acceptances and
other related information to identify possible delays
in achieving milestones, which require changes
in estimated efforts to complete the remaining
performance obligations.
/s/ Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Bengaluru, India
June 2, 2026
We have served as the Company's auditor since fiscal 2018.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Wipro Limited
OPINION ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Wipro Limited and
subsidiaries (the Company ) as of March 31, 2026, based on criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of March 31, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the financial statements as of
and for the year ended March 31, 2026, of the Company and our report dated June 2,
2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.
BASIS FOR OPINION
The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a
public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion.

DEFINITION AND LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL
CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
A company s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Bengaluru, India
June 2, 2026

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Notes
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2026
Convenience
into U.S. Dollar
Refer to Note
ASSETS

Goodwill
325,014
387,399
4,129

Intangible assets
27,450
29,176

Property, plant and equipment
80,684
81,787

Right-of-Use assets
25,598
28,287

Financial assets

Derivative assets
^
-

Investments
26,458
28,053

Trade receivables

Unbilled receivables
-
7,433

Other financial assets
4,664
6,259

Investments accounted for
using the equity method
1,327
2,126

Deferred tax assets
2,561
5,242

Non-current tax assets
7,230
7,787

Other non-current assets
7,460
9,010
508,745
592,908
6,320

Inventories

Financial assets

Derivative assets
1,820

Investments
411,474
437,680
4,665

Cash and cash
equivalents
121,974
105,555
1,125

Trade receivables
117,745
135,901
1,448

Unbilled receivables
64,280
76,823

Other financial assets
8,448
10,245

Contract assets
15,795
14,819

Current tax assets
6,417
10,762

Other current assets
29,128
33,164
Total current assets
777,775
826,354
8,807
TOTAL ASSETS
1,286,520
1,419,262
15,127
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

Notes
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
As at
March 31, 2026
Convenience
into U.S. Dollar
(unaudited) Refer
to Note 2(iii)
EQUITY

Share capital
20,944
20,977

Share premium
2,628
6,158

Retained earnings
716,477
735,057
7,834

Share-based payment reserve
6,985
7,920

Special Economic Zone Re-investment reserve
27,778
25,966

Other components of equity
53,497
89,290
Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
828,309
885,368
9,437
2,138
2,509
TOTAL EQUITY
830,447
887,877
9,464
LIABILITIES

Financial liabilities

Loans and borrowings
63,954
1,962

Lease liabilities
22,193
26,327

Accrued expenses
-
4,394

Other financial liabilities
7,793
6,743

16,443
17,266

Non-current tax liabilities
42,024
48,195

Other non-current liabilities
17,119
23,042

Provisions
169,820
128,153
1,367

Financial liabilities

Loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts
97,863
165,912
1,768

Lease liabilities
8,025
8,709

Derivative liabilities
10,978

88,252
94,924
1,012

Other financial liabilities
3,878
11,357

Contract liabilities
20,063
25,434

Current tax liabilities
34,481
49,621

31,086
34,801

Provisions
1,637
1,496
286,253
403,232
4,296
TOTAL LIABILITIES
456,073
531,385
5,663
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
1,286,520
1,419,262
15,127

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Notes
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Convenience
into U.S. Dollar
Refer to Note

Revenues
897,603
890,884
926,240
9,871

Cost of revenues
(631,497)
(617,802)
(656,192)
(6,993)
Gross profit
266,106
273,082
270,048
2,878

Selling and
marketing
(69,972)
(64,378)
(59,216)
(631)

General and
administrative
(60,375)
(57,465)
(61,434)
(655)

Foreign exchange
gains/(losses), net
1,853
Results from operating
136,099
151,271
151,251
1,612

Finance expenses
(12,552)
(14,770)
(14,577)
(156)

Finance and other
23,896
38,202
36,491

Share of net
profit/ (loss) of
associate and
joint venture
accounted for
using the equity
(233)
147,210
174,957
173,422
1,848

Income tax
(36,089)
(42,777)
(40,767)
(434)
111,121
132,180
132,655
1,414
Profit attributable to:

Equity holders of
110,452
131,354
131,974
1,407

Non-controlling
111,121
132,180
132,655
1,414
Earnings per equity
share:
Attributable to
equity holders of the

Basic
10.44
12.56
12.60
0.13

Diluted
10.41
12.52
12.56
0.13
Weighted average
shares used in
computing earnings
per equity share

Basic
10,576,571,110
10,456,741,552
10,476,247,846

Diluted
10,611,424,628
10,488,939,392
10,503,422,936
Consolidated Statements of Income

Notes
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Convenience
into U.S. Dollar
Refer to Note
111,121
132,180
132,655
1,414
Other comprehensive income (OCI)
profit or loss in subsequent periods
Remeasurements of the defined
Net change in fair value of investment
in equity instruments measured at fair
value through OCI
(473)
(3,476)
(1,448)
(15)
(391)
(3,202)
(1,316)
(14)
Items that will be reclassified to
profit or loss in subsequent periods
Foreign currency translation
differences
4,219
7,331
46,643
Reclassification of foreign currency
translation differences on sale
of investment in associates and
liquidation of subsidiaries to
(198)
(41)
-
Net change in time value of option
19, 21
(189)
Net change in intrinsic value of option
19, 21
(1,234)
(13)
Net change in fair value of forward
19, 21
1,655
(745)
(6,015)
(64)
Net change in fair value of investment
in debt instruments measured at fair
value through OCI, net of taxes
1,516
(2,094)
(23)
7,518
7,465
37,355
Total other comprehensive income,
net of taxes
7,127
4,263
36,039
Total comprehensive income for
118,248
136,443
168,694
1,798
Total comprehensive income
attributable to:

117,744
135,595
167,767
1,788

118,248
136,443
168,694
1,798
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Number of
Shares(1)
Share
Share
Retained
Share-
Special
Economic
Zone re-
Equity
Non-
Total
Foreign
Cash flow
Other
As at April 1, 2023
5,487,917,741
10,976
3,689
660,964
5,632
46,803
43,255
(1,403)
11,248
781,164
781,753

-
110,452
-
110,452
111,121

-
4,006
1,981
1,305
7,292
(165)
7,127
-
110,452
-
4,006
1,981
1,305
117,744
118,248
6,883,426
3,370
-
(3,370)
-
Issue of shares by controlled trust on exercise of
options(1)
-
1,462
(1,462)
-
5,584
-
5,591
-
5,591
Transferred to Special Economic Zone re-investment
-
4,674
-
(4,674)
-
Buyback of equity shares, including tax thereon(4)
(269,662,921)
(539)
(3,768)
(141,015)
-
(144,783)
-
(144,783)
Transaction cost related to buyback of equity
shares(4)
-
(390)
-
(390)
-
(390)
Financial liability on written put options(5)
-
(4,238)
-
(4,238)
Non-controlling interests on acquisition of
subsidiary(5)
-
Dividend(4)
-
(5,218)
-
(5,218)
(322)
(5,540)
Others
-
(262,779,495)
(526)
(398)
(140,480)
(4,674)
-
(3,699)
(149,025)
(148,778)
As at March 31, 2024
5,225,138,246
10,450
3,291
630,936
6,384
42,129
47,261
8,854
749,883
1,340
751,223
(1) Includes 5,952,740 treasury shares held as at March 31, 2024 by a controlled trust. 3,943,096 shares have been transferred by the controlled trust to eligible employees on exercise of
options during the year ended March 31, 2024.
(2) Refer to Note 20
(3) Refer to Note 19
(4) Refer to Note 22
(5) Refer to Note 7
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

Number of
Shares(1)
Share
Share
Retained
Share-
Special
Economic
Zone re-
Equity
Non-
Total
Foreign
Cash flow
Other
As at April 1, 2024
5,225,138,246
10,450
3,291
630,936
6,384
42,129
47,261
8,854
749,883
1,340
751,223

-
131,354
-
131,354
132,180

-
7,253
(788)
(2,224)
4,241
4,263
-
131,354
-
7,253
(788)
(2,224)
135,595
136,443
13,628,596
4,950
-
(4,950)
-
Bonus issue of equity shares(4)
5,233,369,207
10,467
(5,613)
(3,193)
-
(1,661)
-
Dividend(4)
-
(62,750)
-
(62,750)
-
(62,750)
Transfer from Other components of equity(2)
-
5,754
-
(5,754)
-
Transfer of shares pertaining to Non-controlling
interests of subsidiary
-
(14)
-
(8)
(3)
-
5,551
-
5,551
-
5,551
Transferred from Special Economic Zone re-
-
14,351
-
(14,351)
-
Others
-
(47)
5,246,997,803
10,494
(663)
(45,813)
(14,351)
(14)
-
(7,423)
(57,169)
(50)
(57,219)
As at March 31, 2025
10,472,136,049
20,944
2,628
716,477
6,985
27,778
54,500
(210)
(793)
828,309
2,138
830,447
(1) Includes 11,905,480 treasury shares held as at March 31, 2025 by a controlled trust.
(2) Refer to Note 20
(3) Refer to Note 19
(4) Refer to Note 22

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Number of
Shares(1)
Share
Share
Retained
Share-
Special
Economic
Zone re-
Equity
Non-
Total
Foreign
Cash flow
Other
As at April 1, 2025
10,472,136,049
20,944
2,628
716,477
6,985
27,778
54,500
(210)
(793)
828,309
2,138
830,447

-
131,974
-
131,974
132,655

-
46,377
(7,194)
(3,390)
35,793
36,039
-
131,974
-
46,377
(7,194)
(3,390)
167,767
168,694
16,276,409
3,530
-
(3,530)
-
Dividend(4)
-
(115,206)
-
(115,206)
(569)
(115,775)
-
4,465
-
4,465
-
4,465
Transferred from Special Economic Zone
-
1,812
-
(1,812)
-
Others
-
(5)
-
16,276,409
3,530
(113,394)
(1,812)
(5)
-
(110,708)
(556)
(111,264)
As at March 31, 2026
10,488,412,458
20,977
6,158
735,057
7,920
25,966
100,872
(7,399)
(4,183)
885,368
2,509
887,877
Convenience translation into U.S. Dollar in millions
(unaudited) Refer to Note 2(iii)
7,834
1,075
(79)
(44)
9,437
9,464
(1) Includes 11,905,480 treasury shares held as at March 31, 2026 by a controlled trust.
(2) Refer to Note 20
(3) Refer to Note 19
(4) Refer to Note 22

Notes
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Convenience
into U.S. Dollar
Refer to
Note 2(iii)
Cash flows from operating
activities:
111,121
132,180
132,655
1,414
Adjustments to reconcile
profit for the year to net cash
generated from operating
activities:

Gain on sale of property,
plant and equipment, net
(2,072)
(606)
(393)
(4)

Depreciation, amortization
and impairment expense
34,071
29,579
29,107

Unrealized exchange (gain)/
loss, net
(623)
2,168

Share-based compensation
5,584
5,551
4,465

Share of net (profit)/loss of
accounted for using equity
(254)
(257)
(3)

Income tax expense
36,089
42,777
40,767

Finance and other income,
net of finance expenses
(11,344)
(23,432)
(21,914)
(234)

Change in fair value of
contingent consideration
(1,300)
(169)

Lifetime expected credit
loss/(write-back)
2,838

Other non-cash items
-
Changes in operating assets and
liabilities; net of effects from
acquisitions:

(Increase)/Decrease in trade
7,824
1,894
(11,442)
(122)

(Increase)/Decrease in
unbilled receivables and
contract assets
5,919
(1,331)
(14,498)
(154)

(Increase)/Decrease in
Inventories

(Increase)/Decrease in other
financial assets and other
8,869
6,609
(205)
(2)

Increase/(Decrease) in
trade payables, accrued
expenses, other financial
liabilities, other liabilities
(435)
8,482

Increase/(Decrease) in
contract liabilities
(5,053)
2,341
3,555
Cash generated from operating
activities before taxes
191,576
195,601
175,561
1,871

Income taxes paid, net
(15,360)
(26,175)
(26,245)
(280)
Net cash generated from
operating activities
176,216
169,426
149,316
1,591
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Notes
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Convenience
into U.S. Dollar
Refer to
Note 2(iii)
Cash flows from investing activities:

Payment for purchase of property, plant and equipment
(10,510)
(14,737)
(15,603)
(166)

Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment
4,022
1,822

Investment in associate
-
(352)
(4)

Payment for purchase of investments
(975,069)
(801,582)
(837,806)
(8,929)

Proceeds from sale of investments
978,598
706,520
816,732
8,704

Payment for business acquisitions including deposits and escrow, net of
cash acquired
(5,291)
(964)
(26,033)
(277)

Payment for investment in joint venture
(484)
-

Proceeds from/(repayment of) security deposit for property, plant and
(300)
-

Interest received
20,111
26,212
28,878

Dividend received
2,299
^
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities
11,680
(80,730)
(33,423)
(356)
Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from issuance of equity shares and shares pending allotment
^

Repayment of loans and borrowings
(130,557)
(177,672)
(259,841)
(2,769)

Proceeds from loans and borrowings
120,500
195,595
253,089
2,697

Payment of lease liabilities including interests
(10,060)
(10,474)
(11,561)
(123)

Payment for buyback of equity shares, including tax and transaction cost
(145,173)
-

Payment for contingent consideration
(1,294)
-
(648)
(7)

Payment of deferred consideration on business combination
-
(221)
(2)

Interest and finance expenses paid
(10,456)
(8,689)
(6,336)
(67)

Payment of dividend
(5,218)
(62,750)
(115,206)
(1,228)

Payment of dividend to Non-controlling interests holders
(322)
-
(569)
(6)
Net cash generated used in financing activities
(182,567)
(63,963)
(141,260)
(1,505)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents during the year
5,329
24,733
(25,367)
(270)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
(239)
8,948

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
91,861
96,951
121,974
1,300
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year
96,951
121,974
105,555
1,125
Refer to Note 14 for supplementary information on the consolidated statement of cash flows.

1. THE COMPANY OVERVIEW

Wipro Limited ( Wipro or the Parent Company ), together with its subsidiaries
and controlled trusts (collectively, we , us , our , the Company or the Group )
is a leading artificial intelligence ( AI ) powered technology services and consulting
company focused on building innovative solutions that address clients most complex
digital transformation needs. Leveraging our consulting-led approach and the Wipro
Intelligence unified suite of AI-powered platforms, solutions and transformative
offerings, we help clients realize their boldest ambitions to build intelligent and
sustainable businesses.

Wipro is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in India. The address of
its registered office is Wipro Limited, Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru - 560
035, Karnataka, India. The Company has its primary listing with BSE Ltd. and National
Stock Exchange of India Limited. The Company s American Depository Shares ( ADS )
representing equity shares are also listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

The Company s Board of Directors authorized these consolidated financial statements
for issue on June 2, 2026.
2. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
(i) Statement of compliance and basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in compliance with
International Financial Reporting Standards and its interpretations ( IFRS ), as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board ( IASB ). All accounting policies have
been applied consistently to all periods presented in these consolidated financial
statements, except for new accounting standards adopted by the Company.

The consolidated financial statements correspond to the classification provisions
contained in IAS 1(revised), Presentation of Financial Statements . For clarity, various
items are aggregated in the consolidated statement of income, consolidated statement
of comprehensive income and consolidated statement of financial position. These items
are disaggregated separately in the notes to the consolidated financial statements,
where applicable.

The assets which are expected to be realized within a period of twelve months from the
end of reporting period are classified as current assets. Similarly, the liabilities which
are expected to be settled within a period of twelve months from the end of reporting
period are classified as current liabilities. All other assets and liabilities are classified as
non-current.

All amounts included in the consolidated financial statements are reported in millions of
Indian Rupees (I in millions) except share and per share data, unless otherwise stated.
Due to rounding off, the numbers presented throughout the document may not add up
precisely to the totals and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.
Previous year figures have been regrouped/rearranged, wherever necessary.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
(ii) Basis of measurement

The consolidated financial statements have been
accrual basis, except for the following material items
which have been measured at fair value as required
by relevant IFRS:

Derivative financial instruments;

Financial instruments classified as fair value
through other comprehensive income or fair
value through profit or loss;

The defined benefit liability/(asset) is recognized
as the present value of defined benefit obligation
less fair value of plan assets; and

Contingent consideration and liability on written
put options.
(iii) Convenience translation (unaudited)

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared and reported in Indian Rupees,
the functional currency of the Parent Company. Solely
for the convenience of the readers, the consolidated
financial statements as at and for the year ended March
31, 2026, have been translated into United States
Dollars at the certified foreign exchange rate of U.S.$
1 = I 93.83 as published by Federal Reserve Board
of Governors on March 31, 2026. No representation
is made that the Indian Rupee amounts have been,
could have been or could be converted into United
States Dollars at such a rate or any other rate. Due
to rounding off, the translated numbers presented
throughout the document may not add up precisely
to the totals.
(iv) Use of estimates and judgment

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with IFRS requires the
management to make judgments, accounting
estimates and assumptions that affect the application
of accounting policies and the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, income, and expenses. Accounting
estimates are monetary amounts in the consolidated
financial statements that are subject to measurement
uncertainty. An accounting policy may require items
in consolidated financial statements to be measured
at monetary amounts that cannot be observed
directly and must instead be estimated. In such a
case, management develops an accounting estimate
to achieve the objective set out by the accounting
policy. Developing accounting estimates involves the
use of judgments or assumptions based on the latest
available and reliable information. Actual results may
differ from those accounting estimates.

Accounting estimates and underlying assumptions
are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Changes to
accounting estimates are recognized in the period in
which the estimates are changed and in any future
periods affected. In particular, information about
material areas of estimation, uncertainty and critical
judgments in applying accounting policies that have
the material effect on the amounts recognized in the
consolidated financial statements are included in the
following notes:

Revenue recognition: The Company applies
judgment to determine whether each product
or service promised to a customer is capable
of being distinct, and is distinct in the context
of the contract, if not, the promised product or
service is combined and accounted as a single
the Transaction Price (as defined below in Note
3(xiv)) to separately identifiable performance
obligation deliverables based on their relative
stand-alone selling price. In cases where the
Company is unable to determine the stand-
alone selling price the Company uses expected
cost-plus margin approach in estimating the
stand-alone selling price. The Company uses
the percentage of completion method using
the input (cost expended) method to measure
progress towards completion in respect of
fixed-price contracts. Percentage of completion
method accounting relies on estimates of
total expected contract revenue and costs.
This method is followed when reasonably
dependable estimates of the revenues and costs
applicable to various elements of the contract
can be made. Key factors that are reviewed in
estimating the future costs to complete include
estimates of future labor costs and productivity
efficiencies. Because the financial reporting
of these contracts depends on estimates that

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
are assessed continually during the term of these
contracts, revenue recognized, profit and timing of
revenue for remaining performance obligations are
subject to revisions as the contract progresses to
completion. When estimates indicate that a loss will
be incurred, the loss is provided for in the period in
which the loss becomes probable. Volume discounts
are recorded as a reduction of revenue. When the
amount of discount varies with the levels of revenue,
volume discount is recorded based on estimate of
future revenue from the customer.

Impairment testing: Goodwill recognized on
business combination is tested for impairment at
least annually and when events occur or changes
in circumstances indicate that the recoverable
amount of goodwill or a cash generating unit to which
goodwill pertains, is less than the carrying value. The
Company assesses acquired intangible assets with
finite useful life for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable
amount of an asset or a cash generating unit is higher
of value-in-use and fair value less cost of disposal.
The calculation of value in use of an asset or a cash
generating unit involves use of significant estimates
and assumptions which include turnover, growth
rates and net margins used to calculate projected
future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rate, future
economic and market conditions.

Income taxes: The major tax jurisdictions for the

Significant judgments are involved in determining
the provision for income taxes including judgment
on whether tax positions are probable of being
sustained in tax assessments. A tax assessment can
involve complex issues, which can only be resolved
over extended time periods.

Deferred tax is recorded on temporary differences
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and
their carrying amounts, at the rates that have been
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting
date. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets
is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
profits during the periods in which those temporary
realizable, however, could reduce in the near term if
estimates of future taxable income during the carry-
forward period are reduced.

Business combinations: In accounting for business
combinations, judgment is required to assess
whether an identifiable intangible asset is to be
recorded separately from goodwill. Additionally,
estimating the acquisition date fair value of the
identifiable assets acquired (including useful life
estimates), liabilities assumed, and contingent
consideration assumed involves management
judgment. These measurements are based on
information available at the acquisition date and are
based on expectations and assumptions that have
been deemed reasonable by management. Changes
in these judgments, estimates, and assumptions can
materially affect the results of operations.

Defined benefit plans and compensated absences:
The cost of the defined benefit plans, compensated
absences and the present value of the defined
benefit obligations are based on actuarial valuation
using the projected unit credit method. An actuarial
valuation involves making various assumptions that
may differ from actual developments in the future.
These include the determination of the discount
rate, future salary increases and mortality rates. Due
to the complexities involved in the valuation and
its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is
highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.

Expected credit losses on financial assets: The
impairment provisions of financial assets are based
on assumptions about risk of default and expected
timing of collection. The Company uses judgment in
making these assumptions and selecting the inputs
to the expected credit loss calculation based on
the Company s history of collections, customer s
creditworthiness, existing market conditions as well
as forward-looking estimates at the end of each

Useful lives of property, plant and equipment: The
Company depreciates property, plant and equipment
on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives
of the assets. The charge in respect of periodic
depreciation is derived based on an estimate of an

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
asset s expected useful life and the expected
residual value at the end of its life. The lives
are based on historical experience with similar
assets as well as anticipation of future events,
which may impact their life, such as changes in
technology. The estimated useful life is reviewed
at least annually.

Provisions and contingent liabilities: The
Company estimates the provisions that have
present obligations as a result of past events
and IT is probable that outflow of resources will
be required to settle the obligations. These
provisions are reviewed at the end of each
reporting date and are adjusted to reflect the
current best estimates.

The Company uses significant judgment to
disclose contingent liabilities. Contingent
liabilities are disclosed when there is a possible
obligation arising from past events, the existence
of which will be confirmed only by the occurrence
or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain
future events not wholly within the control of
the Company or a present obligation that arises
from past events where IT is either not probable
that an outflow of resources will be required to
settle the obligation or a reliable estimate of
the amount cannot be made. Contingent assets
are neither recognized nor disclosed in the
3. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY
INFORMATION
(i) Basis of consolidation

Subsidiaries and controlled trusts

The Company determines the basis of control in
line with the requirements of IFRS 10, Consolidated
Financial Statements. Subsidiaries and controlled
trusts are entities controlled by the Group. The Group
controls an entity when the parent has power over
the entity, IT is exposed to, or has rights to, variable
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the
ability to affect those returns through its power over
the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries
and controlled trusts are included in the consolidated
financial statements from the date on which control
commences until the date on which control ceases.

The financial statements of the Group companies
are consolidated on a line-by-line basis and all intra-
Group balances, transactions, income and expenses
are eliminated in full on consolidation.

Non-controlling interests in the net assets (excluding
goodwill) of consolidated subsidiaries are identified
separately from the Company s equity. The interest
of non-controlling shareholders may be initially
measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling
interest s proportionate share of the fair value of
the acquiree s identifiable net assets. The choice
of measurement basis is made on an acquisition to
acquisition basis. Subsequent to acquisition, the
carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the
amount of those interests at initial recognition plus
the non-controlling interest s share of subsequent
changes in equity. Total comprehensive income
is attributed to non-controlling interests even if IT
results in the non-controlling interests having a
deficit balance.

Liability for written put options to

At initial recognition, the liability for put options issued
to non-controlling interests, to be settled in cash by
the Company, which do not grant present access to
ownership interest to the Company is recognized as
financial liability at present value of the redemption
amount with a corresponding debit in other reserves
within equity.

The liability is subsequently remeasured at the end of
each period and accreted through financial expenses
up to the redemption amount that is payable at the
date at which the option first becomes exercisable.
In the event that the option expires unexercised,
the liability is derecognized with a corresponding
adjustment to equity.

Investments accounted for using the equity

Investments accounted for using the equity method
are entities in respect of which, the Company
has significant influence, but not control, over the

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
financial and operating policies. Generally, a company
has a significant influence if IT holds between 20% and
50% of the voting power of another entity. Investments in
such entities are accounted for using the equity method
and are initially recognized at cost. The carrying amount
of investment is increased/ decreased to recognize
investors share of profit or loss of the investee after the
acquisition date.
(ii) Functional and presentation currency

Items included in the financial statements of each of the
Company s entities are measured using the currency of
the primary economic environment in which these entities
operate (i.e. the functional currency ). These consolidated
financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees,
which is the functional currency of the Parent Company.
(iii) Foreign currency transactions and

Transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currency are translated
into the respective functional currencies using
the exchange rates prevailing at the date of the
transaction. Foreign exchange gains and losses
resulting from the settlement of such transactions
and from translation at the exchange rates prevailing
at the reporting date of monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in
the consolidated statement of income and reported
within foreign exchange gains/(losses), net, within
results of operating activities except when deferred
in other comprehensive income as qualifying cash
flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges.
Net loss relating to translation or settlement of
borrowings denominated in foreign currency are
reported within finance expense. Net gain relating to
translation or settlement of borrowings denominated
in foreign currency are reported within finance and
at fair value through other comprehensive income
are included in other comprehensive income, net
of taxes.

Foreign operations

For the purpose of presenting consolidated
financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
Company s foreign operations that have a functional
currency other than Indian Rupees are translated
into Indian Rupees using exchange rates prevailing
at the reporting date. Income and expense items
are translated at the average exchange rates for
the period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are
recognized in other comprehensive income and held
in foreign currency translation reserve ( FCTR ), a
component of equity, except to the extent that the
translation difference is allocated to non-controlling
interest. When a foreign operation is disposed of, the
relevant amount recognized in FCTR is transferred
to the consolidated statement of income as part of
the profit or loss on disposal. Goodwill and fair value
adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign
operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the
foreign operation and translated at the exchange
rate prevailing at the reporting date.

Others

Foreign currency differences arising on the translation
or settlement of a financial liability designated as a
hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation are
recognized in other comprehensive income and
presented within equity in the FCTR to the extent
the hedge is effective. To the extent the hedge is
ineffective, such differences are recognized in the

When the hedged part of a net investment is
disposed of, the relevant amount recognized in
FCTR is transferred to the consolidated statement
of income as part of the profit or loss on disposal.
Foreign currency differences arising from translation
of intercompany receivables or payables relating to
foreign operations, the settlement of which is neither
planned nor likely in the foreseeable future, are
considered to form part of net investment in foreign
operation and are recognized in FCTR.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
(iv) Financial Instruments

A) Non-derivative Financial Instruments

Non-derivative Financial Instruments consist of:
financial assets which include cash and cash
equivalents, trade receivables, unbilled
receivables, finance lease receivables,
employee and other advances, investments in
equity and debt securities and eligible current
and non-current assets; and
financial liabilities which include long and
short-term loans and borrowings, bank
overdrafts, trade payables and accrued
expenses, lease liabilities and eligible current
and non-current liabilities.

Non-derivative financial instruments other than
trade receivables and unbilled receivables
are recognized initially at fair value. Trade
receivables and unbilled receivables that do not
contain a significant financing component are
measured at the Transaction Price. Subsequent
to initial recognition, non-derivative financial

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company s cash and cash equivalents
consist of cash on hand and in banks and
demand deposits with banks, which can be
withdrawn at any time, without prior notice
or penalty on the principal.

For the purposes of the consolidated
statement of cash flows, cash and cash
equivalents include cash on hand, in banks
and demand deposits with banks, net
of outstanding bank overdrafts that are
repayable on demand and are considered
part of the Company s cash management
system. In the consolidated statement
of financial position, bank overdrafts are
presented under loans and borrowings
within current financial liabilities.

Investments

Financial instruments measured at
amortized cost:

Debt instruments that meet the following
criteria are measured at amortized cost
(except for debt instruments that are
designated at fair value through profit or
loss on initial recognition):
whose objective is to hold assets in order
to collect contractual cash flows; and
the contractual terms of the instrument
give rise on specified dates to cash
flows that are solely payment of
principal and interest on the principal

Financial instruments measured at fair
value through other comprehensive
income ( FVTOCI )

Debt instruments that meet the following
criteria are measured at FVTOCI (except
for debt instruments that are designated
at fair value through profit or loss on initial
recognition):
whose objective is achieved both by
collecting contractual cash flows and
selling the financial asset; and
the contractual terms of the instrument
give rise on specified dates to cash
flows that are solely payment of
principal and interest on the principal

Interest income is recognized in the
consolidated statement of income for
FVTOCI debt instruments. Other changes
in fair value of FVTOCI financial assets
are recognized in other comprehensive
income. When the investment is disposed
of, the cumulative gain or loss previously
accumulated in reserves is transferred to
the consolidated statement of income.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Financial instruments Measured at Fair
Value through Profit or Loss ( FVTPL )

Instruments that do not meet the amortized
cost or FVTOCI criteria are measured at FVTPL.
Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair
value at the end of each reporting period, with
any gains or losses arising on re-measurement
recognized in the consolidated statement
of income. The gain or loss on disposal is
recognized in the consolidated statement

Interest income is recognized in the
consolidated statement of income for FVTPL
debt instruments. Dividends on financial assets
at FVTPL is recognized when the Company s
right to receive dividends is established.

Investments in Equity Instruments

The Company carries certain equity
instruments which are not held for trading. At
initial recognition, the Company may make an
irrevocable election to present subsequent
changes in the fair value of an investment in
an equity instrument in other comprehensive
income (FVTOCI) or through statement of
income (FVTPL). For investments designated
to be classified as FVTOCI, movements in fair
value of investments are recognized in other
comprehensive income and the gain or loss
is not transferred to consolidated statement
of income on disposal of investments. For
investments designated to be classified
as FVTPL, both movements in fair value of
investments and gain or loss on disposal of
investments are recognized in the consolidated

Dividends from these investments are
recognized in the consolidated statement of
income when the Company s right to receive
dividends is established.

derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss in

Other Financial Assets

Other financial assets are non-derivative
financial assets with fixed or determinable
payments that are not quoted in an active
market. These comprise trade receivables,
unbilled receivables, finance lease receivables,
employee and other advances and eligible
current and non-current assets. They are
presented as current assets, except for those
expected to be realized later than twelve
months after the reporting date which are
presented as non-current assets. All financial
assets are initially recognized at fair value and
subsequently measured at amortized cost
using the effective interest method, less any

Trade payables, accrued Expenses, and
other Liabilities

Trade payables, accrued expenses, and
other liabilities are initially recognized at the
transaction price, and subsequently carried
at amortized cost using the effective interest
method. For these financial instruments, the
carrying amounts approximate fair value due
to the short-term maturity of these instruments.
Contingent consideration recognized in a
business combination is initially recognized at
fair value and subsequently measured at fair
value through profit or loss.

B)
Derivative Financial Instruments

fluctuations on foreign currency assets, liabilities,
net investment in foreign operations and forecasted
cash flows denominated in foreign currency.

The Company limits the effect of foreign exchange
rate fluctuations by following established risk
management policies including the use of
derivatives. The Company enters into derivative
financial instruments where the counterparty is
primarily a bank.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS

Derivative financial instruments are recognized
and measured at fair value. Attributable
transaction costs are recognized in the
consolidated statement of income as cost.

Subsequent to initial recognition, derivative
financial instruments are measured as
described below:

Changes in the fair value of the derivative hedging
instruments designated as a cash flow hedge are
recognized in other comprehensive income and
held in cash flow hedging reserve, net of taxes,
a component of equity, to the extent that the
hedge is effective. To the extent that the hedge is
ineffective, changes in fair value are recognized
in the consolidated statement of income and
net, within results from operating activities. If the
hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria
for hedge accounting, then hedge accounting
is discontinued prospectively. If the hedging
instrument expires or is sold, terminated or
exercised, the cumulative gain or loss on the
hedging instrument recognized in cash flow
hedging reserve till the period the hedge was
effective remains in cash flow hedging reserve
until the forecasted transaction occurs. The
cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in
the cash flow hedging reserve is transferred to
the consolidated statement of income upon the
occurrence of the related forecasted transaction.
If the forecasted transaction is no longer
expected to occur, such cumulative balance is
immediately recognized in the consolidated

Hedges of net investment in foreign operations

The Company designates derivative financial
instruments as hedges of net investments
in foreign operations. The Company also
designates foreign currency denominated
borrowing as a hedge of net investment in
foreign operations. Changes in the fair value of
the derivative hedging instruments and gains/
(losses) on translation or settlement of foreign
a hedge of net investment in foreign operations
are recognized in other comprehensive income
and presented within equity in the FCTR to
the extent that the hedge is effective. To the
extent that the hedge is ineffective, changes
in fair value are recognized in the consolidated
statement of income and reported within foreign
exchange gains/(losses), net within results from
operating activities.

Others

Changes in fair value of foreign currency
derivative instruments neither designated as
cash flow hedges nor hedges of net investment
in foreign operations are recognized in the
consolidated statement of income and reported
within foreign exchange gains/(losses), net within
results from operating activities. Changes in fair
value and gains/(losses), net, on settlement of
foreign currency derivative instruments relating
to borrowings, which have not been designated
as hedges are recorded in finance expenses.

C)

The Company derecognizes a financial asset
when the contractual rights to the cash flows
from the financial asset expire or IT transfers
the financial asset and the transfer qualifies for
derecognition under IFRS 9. If the Company
retains substantially all the risks and rewards
of a transferred financial asset, the Company
continues to recognize the financial asset
and recognizes a borrowing for the proceeds
received. A financial liability (or a part of a
financial liability) is derecognized from the
Company s consolidated statement of financial
position when the obligation specified in the
contract is discharged or cancelled or expires.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(v) Equity and share capital

Share capital and share premium

The authorized share capital of the Company
as at March 31, 2026 is I 25,352 divided into
12,543,500,000 equity shares of I 2 each,
25,000,000 preference shares of I 10 each and
150,000 10% optionally convertible cumulative
preference shares of I 100 each. Par value of the
equity shares is recorded as share capital and the
amount received in excess of par value is classified
as share premium.

Every holder of equity shares, as reflected in
the records of the Company, as at the date of the
shareholder meeting shall have one vote in respect
of each share held for all matters submitted to vote
in the shareholder meeting.

The Company s equity shares held by the controlled
trust, which is consolidated as part of the Group are
classified as treasury shares. Treasury shares are
recorded at acquisition cost. Reconciliation of the
number of treasury shares held by controlled trust is
As at
March 31, 2024
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Opening number of
equity shares
9,895,836
5,952,740
11,905,480
Less: Transferred to
eligible employees
on exercise of
(3,943,096)
-
Add: Bonus issue
of equity shares
(Refer to Note 22)
-
5,952,740
-
Closing number of
equity shares
5,952,740
11,905,480

Retained earnings

undistributed earnings after taxes and is freely
available for distribution. This includes capital reserve
as at March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026 amounting to
I 1,139, I 1,139 and I 1,139 respectively, which is not
freely available for distribution.

Special Economic Zone re-investment

The Special Economic Zone ( SEZ ) re-investment
reserve has been created out of profit of eligible SEZ
units as per provisions of section 10AA(1)(ii) of the
Income-tax Act, 1961 for acquiring new plant and
machinery. The said reserve should be utilized by
the Company for acquiring plant and machinery as
per the terms of Section 10AA(2) of the Income-
tax Act, 1961. This reserve is not freely available

Share-based payment reserve

The share-based payment reserve is used to record
the value of equity-settled share-based payment
transactions with employees. The amounts recorded
in share-based payment reserve are transferred to
share premium upon exercise of stock options and
restricted stock unit options by employees.

of financial statements of foreign operations,
differences arising from translation of long-term inter-
company receivables or payables relating to foreign
operations, settlement of which is neither planned
nor likely in the foreseeable future, changes in fair
value of the derivative hedging instruments and
gains/losses on translation or settlement of foreign
recognized in other comprehensive income, net of
taxes and presented within equity in the FCTR.

Changes in fair value of derivative hedging
instruments designated and effective as a cash
flow hedge are recognized in other comprehensive
income, net of taxes and presented within equity as
cash flow hedging reserve.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS

Other reserves

measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income and actuarial gains and
losses on remeasurements of the defined benefit
plans are recognized in other comprehensive
income, net of taxes and presented within equity
in other reserves.

Other reserves also include capital redemption
reserve, which is not freely available for
distribution. As per the Companies Act, 2013,
capital redemption reserve is created when a
company purchases its own shares out of free
reserves or share premium. A sum equal to the
nominal value of the shares so purchased is
transferred to capital redemption reserve. The
reserve can be utilized in accordance with the
provisions of Section 69 of the Companies Act,
2013. As at March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026,
capital redemption reserve amounting to I 1,661,
I Nil and I Nil respectively, is not freely available

Dividend

A final dividend on common stock is recorded
as a liability on the date of approval by the
shareholders. An interim dividend is recorded
as a liability on the date of declaration by the
Company s Board of Directors.

Buyback of equity shares

The buyback of equity shares, including tax
thereon and related transaction costs are
recorded as a reduction of share premium and
retained earnings. Further, capital redemption
reserve is created as an apportionment from

Bonus issue

For the purpose of bonus issue, the amount is
transferred from capital redemption reserves,
share premium and retained earnings to the
share capital.
(vi) Property, plant and equipment

Recognition, measurement and
derecognition

Property, plant and equipment are measured
at cost less accumulated depreciation and
impairment losses, if any. Cost includes
expenditures directly attributable to the
acquisition of the asset. General and specific
borrowing costs directly attributable to the
construction of a qualifying asset are capitalized
as part of the cost till all the activities necessary
to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended
use or sale are substantially completed. The
cost and related accumulated depreciation
are derecognized upon sale or disposition
of the asset and the resultant gains or losses
are recognized in the consolidated statement

Capital work-in-progress are measured at cost
less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Depreciation

equipment over the estimated useful life on a
straight-line basis from the date the assets are
available for use. Leasehold improvements are
amortized over the shorter of estimated useful
life of the asset or the related lease term. Term
licenses are amortized over their respective
contract term. Freehold land is not depreciated.
The estimated useful life of assets is reviewed
and where appropriate are adjusted, annually.
The estimated useful lives of assets are
Category
Useful life
Buildings
Computer equipment and
software
Furniture, fixtures and
Vehicles

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

and equipment. Subsequent expenditure relating to
property, plant and equipment is capitalized only
when IT is probable that future economic benefits
associated with these will flow to the Company and
the cost of the item can be measured reliably.

Deposits and advances paid towards the acquisition
of property, plant and equipment outstanding as at
each reporting date and the cost of property, plant
and equipment not available for use before such date
are disclosed under capital work-in-progress.
(vii) Business combinations, goodwill, and
intangible assets

Business combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using
the purchase (acquisition) method. The cost of an
acquisition is measured as the fair value of the assets
transferred, liabilities incurred or assumed, and
equity instruments issued at the date of exchange
by the Company. Identifiable assets acquired, and
liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a
business combination are measured initially at fair
value at the date of acquisition. Transaction costs
incurred in connection with a business acquisition
are expensed as incurred.

The cost of an acquisition also includes the fair value
of any contingent consideration measured as at the
date of acquisition. Any subsequent changes to
the fair value of contingent consideration classified
as liabilities, other than measurement period
adjustments, are recognized in the consolidated

Goodwill

The excess of the cost of an acquisition over the
Company s share in the fair value of the acquiree s
identifiable assets and liabilities is recognized as
goodwill. If the excess is negative, a bargain purchase
gain is recognized immediately in the consolidated
statement of income. Goodwill is measured at cost
less accumulated impairment (if any).

Goodwill associated with disposal of an operation
that is part of a cash-generating unit is measured
based on the relative values of the operation
disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating
unit retained, unless some other method better
reflects the goodwill associated with the operation
disposed of.

Intangible assets

business combination are measured at fair value as at
the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition,
intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated
amortization and impairment losses, if any.

The amortization of an intangible asset with a finite
useful life reflects the manner in which the economic
benefit is expected to be generated and is included in
selling and marketing expenses in the consolidated

The estimated useful life of amortizable intangibles
is reviewed and where appropriate is adjusted,
annually. The estimated useful lives of the
amortizable intangible assets are as follows:
Category
Useful life
1 to 10 years
2.5 to 10 years

Customer-related intangibles includes customer
contracts and customer relationships acquired
as a part of business combinations. Marketing-
related intangibles includes vendor relationships,
non-competes and brands acquired as a part of
business combinations.
(viii) Leases

The Company evaluates each contract or arrangement,
whether IT qualifies as lease as defined under IFRS 16.

The Company enters into an arrangement for lease of
land, buildings, plant and equipment including computer
equipment and vehicles. Such arrangements are generally
for a fixed period but may have extension or termination

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
options. The Company assesses, whether the contract
is, or contains, a lease, at its inception. A contract is
considered to contain a lease if IT conveys the right to
control the use of an identified asset for a period of
time in exchange for consideration.

control use of an identified asset,

obtain substantially all the economic benefits

direct the use of the identified asset.

thereby assesses whether IT is reasonably certain that
any options to extend or terminate the contract will
be exercised.

recognizes a right of use ( RoU ) asset at cost and
term of twelve months or less ( Short-term leases ) and
low-value assets. For these Short-term leases and
low-value assets, the Company recognizes the lease
payments as an operating expense on a straight-line
basis over the lease term.

lease plus any initial direct costs, plus an estimate of
which IT is located less any lease incentives received.
impairment losses, if any. The RoU assets are
depreciated using the straight-line method from the
commencement date over the shorter of lease term
or useful life of RoU assets. The estimated useful lives
of RoU assets are determined on the same basis as
those of property, plant and equipment.

The Company applies IAS 36 to determine whether a
RoU asset is impaired and accounts for any identified
impairment loss as described in the impairment of
non-financial assets below.

liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of
interest and reduced for the lease payments made.

increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on
the lease liability, reducing the carrying amount to
reflect the lease payments made and remeasuring
the carrying amount to reflect any lease modifications.
The Company recognizes the amount of the re-
measurement of lease liability due to modification
as an adjustment to the RoU asset or in consolidated
statement of income, depending upon the nature
of modification. Where the carrying amount of the
RoU asset is reduced to zero and there is a further
reduction in the measurement of the lease liability,
the Company recognizes any remaining amount of
the re-measurement in the consolidated statement

Payment of lease liabilities including interests are
consolidated statement of cash flows.

Leases under which the Company is a lessor are
classified as a finance or operating lease. Lease
contracts where all the risks and rewards are
substantially transferred to the lessee are classified
as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as
operating lease.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

lease by reference to the RoU asset arising from the head-
lease.
(ix) Inventories

Inventories are valued at lower of cost and net realizable
(x) Impairment

Financial assets

The Company applies the expected credit loss
model for recognizing impairment loss on financial
assets measured at amortized cost, debt instruments
classified as FVTOCI, trade receivables, unbilled
receivables, finance lease receivables, and other
financial assets. Expected credit loss is the difference
between the contractual cash flows and the cash
flows that the entity expects to receive, discounted
using the effective interest rate.

Loss allowances for trade receivables, unbilled
receivables and finance lease receivables are
measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected
credit loss. Lifetime expected credit losses are
the expected credit losses that result from all
possible default events over the expected life of a
financial instrument. Lifetime expected credit loss is
computed based on a provision matrix which takes
into account, risk profiling of customers and historical
credit loss experience adjusted for forward-looking
information. For other financial assets, expected
credit loss is measured at the amount equal to
twelve months expected credit loss unless there has
been a significant increase in credit risk from initial
recognition, in which case those are measured at
lifetime expected credit loss.

The Company assesses long-lived assets such as
property, plant and equipment, RoU assets and
intangible assets for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may
not be recoverable. If any such indication exists, the
Company estimates the recoverable amount of the
asset or group of assets.

circumstances indicate that the recoverable amount
of the cash generating unit is less than its carrying
value. The goodwill impairment test is performed
at the level of cash-generating unit or groups of
cash -generating units which represents the lowest
level at which goodwill is monitored for internal
management purposes.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash
generating unit is the higher of its fair value less
cost of disposal ( FVLCD ) and its value-in-use
( VIU ). The VIU of long-lived assets is calculated
using projected future cash flows. FVLCD of a cash
generating unit is computed using turnover and
earnings multiples. If the recoverable amount of
the asset or the recoverable amount of the cash
generating unit to which the asset belongs is less
than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is
reduced to its recoverable amount. The reduction
is treated as an impairment loss and is recognized in
the consolidated statement of income.

previously assessed impairment loss on property,
plant and equipment, RoU assets and intangible
assets, no longer exists, the recoverable amount is
reassessed and the impairment losses previously
recognized are reversed such that the asset is
recognized at its recoverable amount but not
exceeding written down value which would have
recognized initially. An impairment loss in respect of

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
(xi) Employee benefits

Post-employment plans

The Group participates in various employee
benefit plans. Pensions and other post-
employment benefits are classified as either
defined contribution plans or defined benefit
plans. Under a defined contribution plan, the
Company s sole obligation is to pay a fixed
amount with no obligation to pay further
contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient
assets to pay all employee benefits. The related
actuarial and investment risks are borne by
the employee. The expenditure for defined
contribution plans is recognized as an expense
during the period when the employee provides
service. Under a defined benefit plan, IT is the
Company s obligation to provide agreed benefits
to the employees. The related actuarial and
present value of the defined benefit obligations
is calculated by an independent actuary using

comprising actuarial gains or losses, the effect
of changes to the asset ceiling, and the return on
plan assets (excluding interest) are immediately
recognized in other comprehensive income, net
of taxes and not reclassified to profit or loss in
subsequent period.

Net interest recognized in profit or loss is
calculated by applying the discount rate used to
measure the defined benefit obligation to the net
defined benefit liability or asset. The actual return
on the plan assets above or below the discount
rate, is recognized as part of remeasurements
of the defined benefit plans through other
comprehensive income, net of taxes.

Past service cost, both vested and unvested,
is recognized as an expense at the earlier of (a)
when the plan amendment or curtailment occurs;
and (b) when the entity recognizes related
restructuring costs or termination benefits.

Provident fund

Eligible employees receive benefits
under the Company s provident fund
plan, into which both the employer and
employees make periodic contributions
to the approved provident fund trust
managed by the Company. A portion of
the employer s contribution is made to
the government administered pension
fund. The contributions to the provident
fund trust managed by the Company is
accounted for as a defined benefit plan as
the Company is liable for any shortfall in
the fund assets based on the government
specified minimum rates of return.

Certain employees receive benefits
under the provident fund plan in which
both the employer and employees make
periodic contributions to the government
administered provident fund. A portion of
the employer s contribution is made to the
government administered pension fund.
This is accounted as a defined contribution
plan as the obligation of the Company
is limited to the contributions made to
the fund.

In accordance with the Code on Social
Security, 2020, applicable for Indian
companies, the Company provides for a
lump sum payment to eligible employees,
at retirement or termination of employment
based on the last drawn salary and years
of employment with the Company. The
gratuity fund is managed by third party

The Company also maintains pension and
similar plans for employees outside India,
based on country specific regulations.
These plans are partially funded, and

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
the funds are managed by third party fund
managers. The plans provide for monthly
payout after retirement as per salary drawn and
service period or for a lump sum payment as set
out in rules of each fund.

Superannuation

Superannuation plan, a defined contribution scheme
is administered by third party fund managers.
The Company makes annual contributions
based on a specified percentage of each eligible
employee s salary.

Termination benefits

Short-term benefits

service is provided. A liability is recognized for the
amount expected to be paid under short-term cash
bonus or management incentive plans or profit-

Compensated absences

forward a portion of the unutilized accumulating
compensated absences and utilize IT in future
recognizes accumulated compensated absences
based on actuarial valuation using the projected
unit credit method. Non-accumulating compensated
absences are recognized in the period in which the
absences occur.
(xii) Share-based payment transactions

Selected employees of the Company receive remuneration
in the form of equity settled instruments or cash settled
instruments, for rendering services over a defined
vesting period and for Company s performance-based
stock options over the defined period. Equity instruments
granted are measured by reference to the fair value of
the instrument at the date of grant. In cases, where equity
instruments are granted at a nominal exercise price, the
intrinsic value on the date of grant approximates the fair
value. The expense is recognized in the consolidated
statement of income with a corresponding increase to the
share-based payment reserve, a component of equity.

generally vest in a graded manner over the vesting period.
The fair value determined at the grant date is expensed
over the vesting period of the respective tranches of such
grants (accelerated amortization). The stock compensation
expense is determined based on the Company s estimate
of equity instruments or cash settled instruments that will
eventually vest.

Cash settled instruments granted are re-measured by
reference to the fair value at the end of each reporting
period and at the time of vesting. The expense is
recognized in the consolidated statement of income with
a corresponding increase to financial liability.
(xiii) Provisions

Provisions are recognized when the Company has a
present obligation (legal or constructive), as a result of
a past event, IT is probable that an outflow of economic
benefits will be required to settle the obligation and
a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of

The amount recognized as a provision is the best
estimate of the consideration required to settle the

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
present obligation at the end of the reporting period,
considering the risks and uncertainties surrounding

When some or all of the economic benefits required
to settle a provision are expected to be recovered
from a third party, the receivable is recognized as an
asset, if IT is virtually certain that reimbursement will
be received, and the amount of the receivable can be
measured reliably.

Provisions for onerous contracts are recognized when
the expected benefits to be derived by the Company
from a contract are lower than the unavoidable costs
of meeting the future obligations under the contract.
Provisions for onerous contracts are measured at
the present value of lower of the expected net cost
of fulfilling the contract and the expected cost of
terminating the contract.
(xiv) Revenue

The Company derives revenue primarily from software
development, maintenance of software/hardware
and related services, consulting services, business
process services and sale of IT products.

has been approved by the parties to the contract, the
parties to contract are committed to perform their
contract is legally enforceable. Revenue is recognized
a performance obligation is measured at the amount
that performance obligation. To recognize revenues,
the Company applies the following five step approach:
(1) identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify the
performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine
the Transaction Price, (4) allocate the Transaction
Price to the performance obligations in the contract,
and (5) recognize revenues when a performance
obligation is satisfied. When there is uncertainty as to
collectability, revenue recognition is postponed until
such uncertainty is resolved.

At contract inception, the Company assesses its
promise to transfer products or services to a customer
to identify separate performance obligations. The
Company applies judgment to determine whether
each product or service promised to a customer
is capable of being distinct, and are distinct in the
context of the contract, if not, the promised products
or services are combined and accounted as a single
the Transaction Price to separately identifiable
performance obligations based on their relative stand-
alone selling price or residual method. Stand-alone
selling prices are determined based on sale prices
for the components when they are regularly sold
separately, in cases where the Company is unable to
determine the stand-alone selling price, the Company
Company uses expected cost-plus margin approach
in estimating the stand-alone selling price.

For performance obligations where control is
transferred over time, revenues are recognized
by measuring progress towards completion of the
performance obligation. The selection of the method
to measure progress towards completion requires
judgment and is based on the nature of the promised
products or services to be provided.

The method for recognizing revenues and costs
depends on the nature of contracts with customers
as given below:

Time and materials contracts

contracts are recognized as the related services

Fixed-price contracts

contracts, including software development,
and integration contracts, where the
performance obligations are satisfied over
time, are recognized using the percentage-
of-completion method. The performance
obligations are satisfied as and when the
services are rendered since the customer
generally obtains control of the work as

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
IT progresses. Percentage of completion is
elements of the contract can be made. Key
factors that are reviewed in estimating the
future costs to complete include estimates of
future labor costs and productivity efficiencies.
Because the financial reporting of these
contracts depends on estimates that are
assessed continually during the term of these
contracts, revenue recognized, profit and
contract progresses to completion. If the
progress of completion, revenue is recognized
only to the extent of costs incurred, for which
estimates exceed revenues in an arrangement,
the estimated losses are recognized in the
consolidated statement of income in the period
in which such losses become probable based
on the current contract estimates as an onerous
contract provision.

A contract asset is a right to consideration
that is conditional upon factors other than the
passage of time. Contract assets primarily
relate to unbilled amounts on fixed-price
development contracts and are classified as
non-financial asset as the contractual right to
consideration is dependent on completion of
contractual milestones.

A contract liability is an entity s obligation to
transfer goods or services to a customer for
which the entity has received consideration (or
the amount is due) from the customer.

Maintenance contracts

Revenues related to fixed-price maintenance
contracts are recognized on a straight-line
basis when services are performed through
an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a
specified period or ratably using percentage
of completion method when the pattern of
benefits from the services rendered to the
customers and the cost to fulfil the contract
is not even through the period of contract
because the services are generally discrete in
nature and not repetitive.

Revenue for contracts in which the invoicing
is representative of the value being delivered
is recognized based on our right to invoice.
If our invoicing is not consistent with value
delivered, revenues are recognized as the
service is performed using the percentage of
completion method.

In certain projects, a fixed quantum of service or
output units is agreed at a fixed-price for a fixed
term. In such contracts, revenue is recognized
with respect to the actual output achieved till
date as a percentage of total contractual output.
Any residual service unutilized by the customer
is recognized as revenue on completion of
the term.

Revenues and costs are recognized as the
related services are rendered.

Products

Revenue on product sales are recognized when the
customer obtains control of the specified product.

Others
Any change in scope or price is considered to be a
contract modification. The Company accounts for
modifications to existing contracts by assessing
whether the services added are distinct and
whether the pricing is at the stand-alone selling
price. Services added that are not distinct are
accounted for on a cumulative catch up basis,
while those that are distinct are accounted for
prospectively, either as a separate contract if the
additional services are priced at the stand-alone
selling price, or as a termination of the existing

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
contract and creation of a new contract if not
priced at the stand-alone selling price.
The Company accounts for variable
considerations like volume discounts,
rebates and pricing incentives to customers
and penalties as reduction of revenue on a
systematic and rational basis over the period
of the contract. The Company estimates
an amount of such variable consideration
using expected value method or the single
most likely amount in a range of possible
consideration depending on which method
better predicts the amount of consideration
to which the Company may be entitled and
when IT is probable that a significant reversal
of cumulative revenue recognized will not
occur when the uncertainty associated with
the variable consideration is resolved.
Revenues are shown net of allowances/
returns, sales tax, value added tax, goods and
services tax and applicable discounts.
The Company may enter into arrangements
with third-party suppliers to resell products
or services. In such cases, the Company
evaluates whether the Company is the
principal (i.e., report revenues on a gross
basis) or agent (i.e., report revenues on a
net basis). In doing so, the Company first
evaluates whether the Company controls the
good or service before IT is transferred to the
customer. The Company considers whether IT
has the primary obligation to fulfil the contract,
inventory risk, pricing discretion and other
factors to determine whether IT controls the
goods or services and therefore, is acting as a
principal or an agent. If the Company controls
the good or service before IT is transferred to
the customer, the Company is the principal; if
not, the Company is the agent.
Estimates of the Transaction Price and total
costs or efforts are continuously monitored
over the term of the contract and are
recognized in net profit in the period when
these estimates change or when the estimates
are revised. Revenues and the estimated total
costs or efforts are subject to revision as the
contract progresses.
The Company accrues the estimated cost
of warranties at the time when the revenue
is recognized. The accruals are based on the
Company s historical experience of material
usage and service delivery costs.
Incremental costs that relate directly to a
contract and incurred in securing a contract
with a customer are recognized as an asset
when the Company expects to recover
these costs.
The Company recognizes contract fulfilment
cost as an asset if those costs specifically
relate to a contract or to an anticipated
contract, the costs generate or enhance
resources that will be used in satisfying
performance obligations in future; and the
costs are expected to be recovered.
payments to customers are amortized to
revenue and other costs to obtain contracts
and costs to fulfil contracts are amortized to
cost of revenues over the respective contract
life on a systematic basis consistent with the
transfer of goods or services to customer to
which the asset relates.
The Company assesses the timing of the
transfer of goods or services to the customer
as compared to the timing of payments to
determine whether a significant financing
component exists. As a practical expedient,
the Company does not assess the existence
of a significant financing component when the
difference between payment and transfer of
deliverables is twelve months or less. If the
difference in timing arises for reasons other
than the provision of finance to either the
customer or us, no financing component is
deemed to exist.
Unbilled receivables are classified as a
financial asset where the right to consideration
is unconditional and only the passage of time
is required before the payment is due.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(xv) Finance expenses

Finance expenses comprise interest on loans, borrowings
and bank overdrafts, interest on lease liabilities, interest on
tax matters, interest on net defined benefit liability, interest
on liability on written put options, net loss on translation
or settlement of foreign currency borrowings, changes in
fair value of derivative instruments and gains/(losses) of
settlement of borrowing related derivative instruments.
Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to a
qualifying asset are recognized in the consolidated
statement of income using the effective interest method.
(xvi) Finance and other income

Finance and other income comprise interest income on
deposits, dividend income, gains/(losses) on disposal of
investments, gains/(losses) on investments classified as
FVTPL, net gain on translation or settlement of foreign
currency borrowings and changes in fair value and gains/
(losses) on settlement of related derivative instruments.
Interest income is recognized using the effective interest
method. Dividend income is recognized when the right to
receive payment is established.
(xvii) Income tax

Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income
tax expense is recognized in the consolidated statement
of income except to the extent IT relates to a business
combination, or items directly recognized in equity or in
other comprehensive income.

Current income tax

are measured at the amount expected to be
recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities
based on the taxable income for the period. The tax
rates and tax laws used to compute the current tax
amounts are those that are enacted or substantively
enacted as at the reporting date and applicable for
the period. While determining the tax provisions,
the Company assesses whether each uncertain tax
position is to be considered separately or together
with one or more uncertain tax positions depending
upon the nature and circumstances of each uncertain
tax position. The Company offsets current tax assets
and current tax liabilities, where IT has a legally
enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts
and where IT intends either to settle on a net basis, or
to realize the asset and liability simultaneously.

Deferred income tax

Deferred income tax is recognized using the balance
sheet approach. Deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for deductible and taxable
temporary differences arising between the tax base
of assets and liabilities and their carrying amount
in financial statements, except when the deferred
income tax arises from the initial recognition of
goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that
is not a business combination and affects neither
accounting nor taxable profits or loss at the time of
the transaction.

Deferred income tax assets are recognized to
the extent IT is probable that taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary
differences and the carry forward of unused tax
credits and unused tax losses can be utilized.

Deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for
all taxable temporary differences except in respect
of taxable temporary differences that is expected
to reverse within the tax holiday period, taxable
temporary differences associated with investments
in subsidiaries, associates and foreign branches
where the timing of the reversal of the temporary
difference can be controlled and IT is probable that
the temporary difference will not reverse in the
foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets
is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to
the extent that IT is no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of
the deferred income tax asset to be utilized.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
measured at the tax rates that are expected to
apply in the period when the asset is realized, or the
liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws)
that have been enacted or substantively enacted at
the reporting date.

The Company offsets deferred income tax assets and
liabilities, where IT has a legally enforceable right to
offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities,
and they relate to taxes levied by the same taxation

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
authority on either the same taxable entity, or on
different taxable entities where there is a right
and an intention to settle the current tax liabilities
and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and
liabilities will be realized simultaneously.
(xviii) Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is computed using
the weighted average number of equity shares
outstanding during the period adjusted for treasury
shares held. Diluted earnings per share is computed
using the weighted average number of equity and
dilutive equivalent shares outstanding during the
period, using the treasury stock method for options,
except where the results would be anti-dilutive.

equity shares are adjusted retrospectively for all
periods presented for any splits and bonus shares
issues including for change effected prior to the
approval of the consolidated financial statements by
the Company s Board of Directors.
(xix) Statement of cash flows

with investing or financing cash flows. The cash
generated from/(used in) operating, investing and
financing activities of the Company are segregated.

and interpretations adopted by the
Company effective from April 1, 2025

Amendments to IAS 21 - The Effects of Changes in
Foreign Exchange Rates

On August 15, 2023, IASB issued Lack of
Exchangeability (Amendments to IAS 21) that clarifies
how an entity should assess whether a currency is
exchangeable and how IT should determine a spot
exchange rate when exchangeability is lacking, as
well as require the disclosure of information that
enables users of financial statements to understand
the impact of a currency not being exchangeable.
These amendments are effective for annual reporting
periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025,
with earlier application permitted. The adoption of
amendments to IAS 21 did not have any material
impact on the consolidated financial statements.

and interpretations not yet adopted by
the Company

Certain new standards, amendments to standards
and interpretations are not yet effective for annual
periods beginning after April 1, 2025 and have
not been applied in preparing these consolidated
financial statements. New standards, amendments to
standards and interpretations that could have potential
impact on the consolidated financial statements of the
Company are

IFRS 18 - Presentation and Disclosure in Financial
Statements

On April 9, 2024, IASB issued IFRS 18 Presentation and
Disclosure in Financial Statements which supersedes
IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements , aimed
at improving comparability and transparency of
communication in financial statements. IFRS 18
requires an entity to classify all income and expenses
within its statement of profit or loss into one of five
categories: operating, investing, financing, income
taxes and discontinued operations. These categories
are complemented by the requirement to present
specified totals and subtotals for operating profit
or loss , profit or loss before financing and income
taxes and profit or loss . IT also requires disclosure
of management-defined performance measures
and includes new requirements for aggregation and
disaggregation of financials information based on the
identified roles of the primary financial statements
and the notes.

Consequent to above, a narrow scope of amendments
have been made to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows ,
which include changing the starting point for

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
determining cash flows from operations under the indirect
method from profit or loss to operating profit or loss .
Further, some requirements previously included within
IAS 1 have been moved to IAS 8 Accounting Policies,
Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors which
has also been renamed IAS 8 Basis of Preparation of
Financial Statements . IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting
was amended to require disclosure of management
defined performance measures. Minor consequential
amendments to other standards were also made.

An entity that prepares condensed interim financial
statements in accordance with IAS 34 in the first year
of adoption of IFRS 18, must present the heading and
mandatory subtotals IT expects to use in its annual financial
statement. Comparative period in both the interim and
annual financial statements will need to be restated and a
reconciliation of the statement of profit or loss previously
published will be required for the immediately preceding
comparative period. IFRS 18 and the amendments to
the other standards, is effective for reporting period
beginning on or after January 1, 2027 and are to be
applied retrospectively, with earlier application permitted.

The Company is currently assessing the impact of adopting
IFRS 18 and the amendments to other standards, on the

Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 - Classification and
Measurement of Financial Instruments

On May 30, 2024, IASB issued Classification and
Measurement of Financial Instruments (Amendments to
IFRS 9 and IFRS 7) to address matters identified during the
post-implementation review of IFRS 9. The amendments
clarify that a financial liability is derecognized on the
settlement date and introduce an accounting policy
choice to derecognize financial liabilities settled using
an electronic payment system before settlement date.
The classification of financial asset with ESG linked
features has been clarified through additional guidance
on the assessment of contingent features. Additional
disclosures are introduced for financial instruments with
contingent features and equity instruments classified as
fair value through OCI. These amendments are effective
for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January
1, 2026, with earlier application permitted. The Company
is currently assessing the impact of adopting these
amendments on the consolidated financial statements.

Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 - Contracts
referencing Nature-dependent electricity

The IASB has published amendments to IFRS 9 and
IFRS 7 titled Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent
Electricity . The IASB has added application guidance to
IFRS 9 to address specifically whether a contract to buy
electricity generated from a source dependent on natural
conditions is held for the entity s own-use expectations.
The amendments also address specifically how an entity
applies the hedge accounting requirements in IFRS 9 when
a contract referencing nature-dependent electricity with
a variable nominal amount is designated as the hedging
instrument. The IASB decided to add complementary
disclosure requirements to IFRS 7. The amendments are
effective for annual periods beginning on or after January
1, 2026, with earlier application permitted. The Company
is currently assessing the impact of adopting these
amendments on the consolidated financial statements.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
4. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Land
Buildings
Plant and
equipment(1)
Furniture
and fixtures
Office
Vehicles
Total
As at April 1, 2024
C 4,375
C 47,024
C 102,513
C 18,233
C 7,514
C 34
C 179,693
Additions
-
6,215
10,623
3,143
20,934
Additions through Business
combinations (Refer to Note 7)
-
Disposals
(6)
(680)
(13,668)
(1,803)
(793)
(9)
(16,959)
Translation adjustment
(3)
(1)
As at March 31, 2025
K 4,373
K 52,556
K 99,554
K 19,576
K 7,663
K 34
K 183,756
Accumulated depreciation/
As at April 1, 2024
C-
C 11,775
C 75,549
C 12,287
C 5,932
C 22
C 105,565
-
1,662
11,050
2,229
15,568
Disposals
-
(410)
(13,189)
(1,526)
(730)
(8)
(15,863)
Translation adjustment
-
(30)
(1)
(4)
(1)
As at March 31, 2025
K -
K 12,997
K 73,459
K 12,989
K 5,821
K 17
K 105,283
March 31, 2025
K 4,373
K 39,559
K 26,095
K 6,587
K 1,842
K 17
K 78,473
C 2,211
Net carrying value including
Capital work-in-progress as at
March 31, 2025
K 80,684
As at April 1, 2025
I 4,373
I 52,556
I 99,554
I 19,576
I 7,663
I 34
I 183,756
Additions
-
9,253
1,795
12,711
Additions through Business
combination (Refer to Note 7)
-
Disposals
-
(821)
(14,979)
(1,449)
(720)
(2)
(17,971)
Translation adjustment
3,182
4,071
As at March 31, 2026
K 4,404
K 53,229
K 97,119
K 20,214
K 7,926
K 37
K 182,929
Accumulated depreciation/
As at April 1, 2025
I -
I 12,997
I 73,459
I 12,989
I 5,821
I 17
I 105,283
-
1,848
9,669
2,387
14,595
Disposals
-
(695)
(14,730)
(1,245)
(697)
(1)
(17,368)
Translation adjustment
-
2,670
3,195
As at March 31, 2026
K -
K 14,361
K 71,068
K 14,328
K 5,926
K 22
K 105,705
March 31, 2026
K 4,404
K 38,868
K 26,051
K 5,886
K 2,000
K 15
K 77,224
Capital work-in-progress (2)
I 4,563
Net carrying value including
Capital work-in-progress as at
March 31, 2026
K 81,787
(1) Including net carrying value of computer equipment and software amounting to I 16,003 and I 16,719, as at March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively.
(2) Including capital advance of I 15 and Capital work-in-progress of I 6 on account of additions through business combination. (Refer to Note 7)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
5. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
Land
Buildings
Plant and
Vehicles
Total
As at April 1, 2024
C 1,343
C 28,453
C 2,242
C 849
C 32,887
Additions
-
10,822
3,735
14,785
Disposals
(221)
(4,389)
(632)
(354)
(5,596)
Translation adjustment
-
As at March 31, 2025
K 1,122
K 35,038
K 5,445
K 740
K 42,345
Accumulated depreciation
As at April 1, 2024
C 98
C 13,237
C 1,086
C 511
C 14,932
Depreciation
5,362
6,102
Disposals
(13)
(3,776)
(303)
(319)
(4,411)
Translation adjustment
-
As at March 31, 2025
K 106
K 14,904
K 1,356
K 381
K 16,747
K 1,016
K 20,134
K 4,089
K 359
K 25,598
As at April 1, 2025
I 1,122
I 35,038
I 5,445
I 740
I 42,345
Additions
-
7,697
-
7,930
Additions through Business combination (Refer to Note 7)
-
1,062
-
1,062
Disposals
-
(5,385)
(959)
(204)
(6,548)
Translation adjustment
-
2,062
2,790
As at March 31, 2026
K 1,122
K 40,474
K 5,079
K 904
K 47,579
Accumulated depreciation
As at April 1, 2025
I 106
I 14,904
I 1,356
I 381
I 16,747
Depreciation
5,611
6,725
Disposals
-
(4,421)
(936)
(156)
(5,513)
Translation adjustment
-
1,054
1,333
As at March 31, 2026
K 125
K 17,148
K 1,502
K 517
K 19,292
K 997
K 23,326
K 3,577
K 387
K 28,287
The Company recognized the following expenses in the consolidated statement of income:
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Rent expense recognized under facility expenses pertaining to:

C 245
C 232
I 309

3,257
3,842
3,304
K 3,502
K 4,074
K 3,613

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Payments toward leases of low-value assets and Short-term leases are disclosed under operating activities in the
consolidated statement of cash flows. All other lease payments during the period are disclosed under financing activities
in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
Income from subleasing RoU assets for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026 is not material.
The Company is committed to certain leases amounting to I 999 which have not commenced as of March 31, 2026. The
term of such leases ranges from 1 to 5 years.
Lease liability
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
C 22,728
I 30,218
Additions
16,649
11,680
Additions through Business combinations
-
1,062
Deletions
(967)
(1,268)
1,593
1,956
(10,474)
(11,561)
Translation adjustment
2,949
K 30,218
K 35,036
Non-current
C 22,193
I 26,327
Current
8,025
8,709
Refer to Note 19 for remaining contractual maturities of lease liabilities.
6. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
C 316,002
I 325,014
Acquisition through Business combinations (Refer to Note 7)(1)
1,324
24,772
Translation adjustment
7,688
37,613
K 325,014
K 387,399
(1) Acquisition through business combinations for the year ended March 31, 2026 is after considering the impact of I 7 towards measurement period
changes in the purchase price allocation of acquisitions made during the year ended March 31, 2025.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company is organized into two operating segments: IT Services and IT Products (Refer to Note 33). Goodwill as at March 31,
2025 and 2026 has been allocated to the IT Services operating segment.
Goodwill recognized on business combinations is allocated to Cash Generating Units ( CGUs ), within the IT Services operating
segment, which are expected to benefit from the synergies of the acquisitions.
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
CGUs
Americas 1
C 108,111
I 132,869
Americas 2
106,529
122,472
Europe
81,955
96,381
Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa
28,419
35,677
K 325,014
K 387,399
For impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to a CGU representing the lowest level within the Group at which goodwill is monitored
for internal management purposes, and which is not higher than the Company s operating segment. Goodwill is tested for
impairment at least annually in accordance with the Company s procedure for determining the recoverable value of each CGU.
market capitalization approach, using the turnover and earnings multiples derived from observable market data. The fair value
measurement is categorized as a level 2 fair value based on the inputs in the valuation techniques used.
Based on the above testing, no impairment was identified as at March 31, 2025 and 2026, as the recoverable value of the CGUs
exceeded the carrying value. A sensitivity analysis to the change in the key parameters (turnover and earnings multiples) did not
identify any probable scenarios where the CGU s recoverable amount would fall below its carrying amount.
The movement in intangible assets is given below:
Intangible assets
Customer-related
Marketing-related
Total
As at April 1, 2024
C 43,672
C 11,972
C 55,644
Acquisition through Business combinations (Refer to Note 7)
1,896
-
1,896
Deductions/adjustments
(4,101)
(2,518)
(6,619)
Translation adjustment
1,262
As at March 31, 2025
K 42,461
K 9,722
K 52,183
Accumulated amortization/ impairment:
As at April 1, 2024
C 18,281
C 4,615
C 22,896
Amortization and impairment(1)
6,327
1,582
7,909
Deductions/adjustments
(4,101)
(2,518)
(6,619)
Translation adjustment
As at March 31, 2025
K 20,950
K 3,783
K 24,733
K 21,511
K 5,939
K 27,450

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Intangible assets
Customer-related
Marketing-related
Total
As at April 1, 2025
I 42,461
I 9,722
I 52,183
Acquisition through business combinations (Refer to Note 7)
5,644
1,109
6,753
Deductions/adjustments
(4,420)
-
(4,420)
Translation adjustment
4,387
1,122
5,509
As at March 31, 2026
K 48,072
K 11,953
K 60,025
Accumulated amortization/ impairment:
As at April 1, 2025
I 20,950
I 3,783
I 24,733
Amortization and impairment (1)
6,599
1,188
7,787
Deductions/adjustments
(4,420)
-
(4,420)
Translation adjustment
2,252
2,749
As at March 31, 2026
K 25,381
K 5,468
K 30,849
K 22,691
K 6,485
K 29,176
(1) During the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026, a decline in the revenue and earnings estimates led to a revision of recoverable value of customer-
relationship intangible assets and marketing related intangible assets recognized on business combinations. Consequently, the Company has
recognized impairment charge I 1,155 and I 851 for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively, as part of amortization and impairment.
Amortization expense on intangible assets is included in selling and marketing expenses in the consolidated statement
As at March 31, 2026, the net carrying value and the estimated remaining amortization period for intangible assets
acquired on acquisition are as follows:
Acquisition
Net carrying value
Estimated remaining
amortization period
Capco - customer-related intangible
I 14,013
4.08 years
Capco - marketing-related intangible
5,230
5.08 years
DTS - customer-related intangible
5,650
5.67 years
DTS - marketing-related intangible
1,045
2.67 years
AVT
1,602
0.21 - 4.72 years
0.50 - 3.50 years
Aggne
0.87 - 1.87 years
Rational Interaction, Inc.
0.89 years
Eximius Design, LLC
1.40 years
Convergence Acceleration Solutions, LLC
2.03 years
Total
K 29,176

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
7. Business Combinations

Summary of acquisitions during the year ended March 31, 2024:

During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company completed a business combination by acquiring a 60% equity interest
in Aggne Global Inc. and Aggne Global IT Services Private Limited ( Aggne ), a leading consulting and managed services
company serving the insurance and insurtech industries. Aggne is a leading alliance partner of Duck Creek, which is a
market-leading platform for property and casualty insurance. The acquisition was consummated on February 13, 2024, for
total cash consideration of I 5,525.

Net assets
I 194
(367)
K 1,180
Goodwill
4,817
Share of non-controlling interests
(472)
K 5,525
Net Assets include

-
Transaction costs

The goodwill of I 4,817 comprises value of acquired workforce and expected synergies arising from the business combination.
Goodwill is allocated to IT Services segment and is not deductible for income tax purposes.

The interest of non-controlling shareholders is measured at the non-controlling interest s proportionate share of the fair
value of the identifiable net assets of Aggne.

The Company has issued put options to non-controlling interests in Aggne in accordance with the terms of underlying
shareholders agreement and will be settled in cash. As at the acquisition date, the Company has recorded a financial
liability for the estimated present value of its gross obligation to purchase the non-controlling interest with a corresponding
adjustment to equity. The fair value of the financial liability is estimated as per the terms of shareholders agreement and the
undiscounted fair value of the financial liability is I 5,176 as at the date of acquisition. Considering the discount rate of 5.87%,
the discounted fair value of the financial liability is I 4,238.

The pro-forma effects of acquisition of Aggne for the year ended March 31, 2024, on the Company s revenues and profits
were not material.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS

Summary of acquisitions during the year ended March 31, 2025:

During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company completed a business combination by acquiring a 100%
equity interest in Applied Value Technologies, Inc. and Applied Value Technologies B.V., which was consummated
on December 16, 2024. The Company has also acquired a 100% equity interest in Applied Value Technologies Pte
Limited (together with Applied Value Technologies, Inc. and Applied Value Technologies B.V., AVT ), which was
consummated on January 3, 2025. AVT helps enterprises transform IT operations through a highly customized
and data-driven approach. AVT will augment Wipro s existing application services capabilities, helping drive new
growth opportunities. The total consideration (upfront cash to acquire control, deferred consideration and contingent
consideration) for the acquisition is I 2,836. During the year ended March 31, 2026, the Company finalized the
purchase price allocation as set for the below:

Net assets
I 166
1,896
(566)
K 1,505
Goodwill
1,331
K 2,836
Net Assets include
I 113

-
Transaction costs
I 45

The goodwill of I 1,331 comprises value of acquired workforce and expected synergies arising from the business

The total consideration for AVT included a deferred consideration of I 264, which was payable within six months
from the consummation date and was subsequently settled.

The total consideration of AVT includes a contingent consideration linked to achievement of revenues and earnings
over a period of 3 years ending December 31, 2027, and range of contingent consideration payable is between
I Nil and I 2,122. The fair value of the contingent consideration is estimated by applying the discounted cash-
flow approach considering probability adjusted revenue and earnings estimates. The undiscounted fair value of
contingent consideration is I 2,122 as at the date of acquisition. The discounted fair value of contingent consideration
of I 1,537 is recorded as part of purchase price allocation.

The pro-forma effects of the acquisition of AVT for the year ended March 31, 2025 on the Company s revenues and
profits were not material.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of acquisitions during the year ended March 31, 2026:

During the year ended March 31, 2026, the Company completed a business combination by acquiring 100% equity interest in
Digital Transformation Solutions unit of Harman International Inc. which is Harman Connected Services Inc. and its subsidiaries
and certain other assets (together, DTS ), a global provider of Engineering, Research and Development ( ER&D ) services
and IT services. The acquisition was consummated on December 1, 2025, for total cash consideration of I 34,044.
Net assets
I 2,996
1,062
5,644
1,109
(1,915)
K 9,279
Goodwill
24,765
K 34,044
Net Assets include
I 8,011
3,066

3,225

(159)
Transaction costs
K 230

The above purchase price allocation for DTS is provisional and will be finalized as soon as practicable within the measurement
period, but in no event later than one year following the date of acquisition.

The goodwill of I 24,765 comprises value of acquired workforce and expected synergies arising from the business

The pro-forma effects of acquisition of DTS for the year ended March 31, 2026, on the Company s results were not material.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
8. INVESTMENTS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Non-current
Financial instruments at FVTPL

Equity instruments(1)
I 4,955
I 7,336

1,203
-
Financial instruments at FVTOCI

Equity instruments(1)
12,493
12,143

Inter corporate and term deposits(3)
7,807
8,574
K 26,458
K 28,053
Current
Financial instruments at FVTPL

Short-term mutual funds(2)
I 88,776
I 79,719

1,281
Financial instruments at FVTOCI

219,389
210,328

Government securities
10,651
8,948

Commercial papers
2,858
14,227

Bonds
21,138
10,385

Inter corporate and term deposits(3)
68,362
112,792
K 411,474
K 437,680
Total
K 437,932
K 465,733
Financial instruments at FVTPL
C 95,234
C 88,336
Financial instruments at FVTOCI
266,529
256,031
76,169
121,366
(1) Uncalled capital commitments outstanding as at March 31, 2025 and 2026, was I 1,576 and I 2,577, respectively.
(2) As at March 31, 2025 and 2026, short-term mutual funds include units placed on lien with bank on account of margin money for currency derivatives
amounting to I 233 and I Nil, respectively.
(3) These deposits earn a fixed rate of interest. As at March 31, 2025 and 2026, term deposits include deposits in lien with banks, held as margin money
deposits against guarantees amounting to I 953 and I 961, respectively.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Investments accounted for using the equity method
During the year ended March 31, 2026, the Company invested I 352 being equity contribution in Drivestream Inc., an associate.
The Company s share of equity in the associate is 43.7%.
The Company had no material associate and joint venture as at March 31, 2025 and 2026.
The aggregate summarized financial information in respect of the Company s immaterial associate and joint venture that are
accounted for using the equity method is set forth below:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Carrying amount of the Company s interest in:

An associate accounted for using the equity method
(Unquoted: Series A Preferred Stock - 94,527; Common stock - 27,865, Series B Preferred
Stock - 190,525 and Series C Preferred stock - 400)
C 933
I 1,716

A joint venture accounted for using the equity method
(Unquoted: Class A units - 5,850,000)
Total
K 1,327
K 2,126
ended March
31, 2024
ended March
31, 2025
ended March
31, 2026
Company s share of net profit / (loss) in the consolidated statement of
income pertaining to:

An associate accounted for using the equity method
C (8)
C 129
I 282

A joint venture accounted for using the equity method
(225)
(25)
Total
K (233)
K 254
K 257
9. TRADE RECEIVABLES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Trade receivables
C 124,215
I 143,966
Allowance for lifetime expected credit loss
(6,171)
(7,716)
K 118,044
K 136,250
Non-current
C 299
I 349
Current
117,745
135,901

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 6,316
I 6,171
Additions due to Acquisitions (Refer to Note 7)
-
Additions, net (Refer to Note 25)
2,838
Additions on account of Unbilled Receivables
-
(698)
(512)
(1,288)
Translation adjustment
K 6,171
K 7,716
10. INVENTORIES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Traded goods
I 685
I 514
K 694
K 517
During the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026, changes in inventories recognized as expense is I 195 and I 171,
respectively, and purchases of traded goods recognized as expense is I 2,967 and I 5,755, respectively.
11. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
As at
March 31, 2024
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Cash and bank balances
C 60,648
C 74,456
I 96,145
Demand deposits with banks(1)
36,305
47,518
9,410
K 96,953
K 121,974
K 105,555
(1) These deposits can be withdrawn by the Company at any time without prior notice and without any penalty on the principal.
Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following for the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows:
As at
March 31, 2024
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 96,953
C 121,974
I 105,555
Bank overdrafts
(2)
^
-
K 96,951
K 121,974
K 105,555

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
12. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Non-current
C 3,090
I 3,922
Security deposits
1,318
1,812
Other receivables
^
K 4,664
K 6,259
Current
C 5,144
I 4,189
Security deposits
1,827
2,235
-
Claims receivables
Interest receivables
Other receivables
1,351
K 8,448
K 10,245
K 13,112
K 16,504
Finance lease receivables consist of assets that are leased for a contract term normally ranging 1 to 5 years, with lease payments
due in monthly or quarterly installments. Details of finance lease receivables are given below:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Year 1
C 5,489
I 4,554
Year 2
1,908
2,573
Year 3
1,225
Year 4
Year 5
K 8,867
K 8,754
Less: Unearned finance income
(633)
(643)
K 8,234
K 8,111
Non-current
C 3,090
I 3,922
Current
5,144
4,189

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
13. OTHER ASSETS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Non-current
Prepaid expenses
C 2,657
I 4,356
1,148
1,062

3,277
2,592

1,000
K 7,460
K 9,010
Current
Prepaid expenses
C 16,917
I 18,929
6,760
7,969
Advance to suppliers
2,323
2,369
Withholding taxes

1,407
1,903

Other receivables
K 29,128
K 33,164
K 36,588
K 42,174
(1) Costs to obtain contracts amortization of I 1,083, I 1,333 and I 2,558 during the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively.
(2) Costs to fulfil contracts amortization of I 60, I 83 and I 150 during the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively.
14. LOANS, BORROWINGS AND BANK OVERDRAFTS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Non-current
Unsecured Notes 2026(1)
C 63,954
I -
-
1,962
K 63,954
K 1,962
Current
Unsecured Notes 2026(1)
C -
I 71,052
97,863
94,860
Bank overdrafts
^
-
K 97,863
K 165,912
K 161,817
K 167,874
(1) On June 23, 2021, Wipro IT Services LLC, a wholly owned step-down subsidiary of the Company, issued U.S.$ 750 million in unsecured notes 2026
(the Notes ). The Notes bear interest at a rate of 1.50% per annum and will mature on June 23, 2026. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually
on June 23 and December 23 of each year, commencing from December 23, 2021. The Notes are listed on Singapore Exchange Securities Trading
Limited (SGX-ST).

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Short-term loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts
The Company had loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts amounting to I 97,863 and I 94,860, as at March 31, 2025 and
2026, respectively. The principal source of borrowings from banks as at March 31, 2026 primarily consists of lines of credit of
approximately I 89,024, U.S. Dollar ( U.S.$ ) 432 million, Saudi Riyal ( SAR ) 120 million, Pound Sterling ( GBP ) 7 million, Bahraini
Dinar ( BHD ) 1 million, Thai Baht ( THB ) 5 million, Brazilian Real ( BRL ) 8 million, Indonesian Rupiah ( IDR ) 13,000 million,
Qatari Riyal ( QAR ) 10 million, Mexican Peso ( MXN ) 35 million, Canadian Dollar ( CAD ) 14 million, Bangladeshi Taka ( BDT )
175 million and Japanese Yen ( JPY ) 300 million from bankers for working capital requirements and other short-term needs.
As at March 31, 2026, the Company has unutilized lines of credit aggregating I 27,524, U.S.$ 92 million, SAR 75 million, GBP 7
million, BHD 1 million, THB 5 million, BRL 8 million, IDR 13,000 million, QAR 10 million, MXN 35 million, CAD 14 million, BDT 175
million and JPY 300 million. To utilize these unused lines of credit, the Company requires consent of the lender and compliance
with certain financial covenants. Significant portion of these lines of credit are revolving credit facilities and floating rate foreign
currency loans, renewable on a periodic basis.
Significant portion of these facilities bear floating rates of interest, referenced to country specific official benchmark interest rates
and a spread, determined based on market conditions.
Long-term loans and borrowings
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2026
Foreign
Indian
Rupee
Foreign
Indian
Rupee
Final
maturity
Unsecured Notes 2026
U.S.$ 748
C 63,954
U.S.$ 749
I 71,052
June-26
-
U.S.$ 21
1,962
June-27
K 63,954
K 73,014
Non-current portion of long-term loans and borrowings
C 63,954
I 1,962
Current portion of long-term loans and borrowings
-
71,052
Refer to Note 26 for interest expense on loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts.
April 1, 2024
Cash flow
March 31, 2025
Net additions to Lease
Liabilities/additions
due to acquisitions
Effective
Foreign
Borrowings
C 141,464
C 17,923
C -
C 114
C 2,316
C 161,817
Lease Liabilities
23,183
(10,474)
17,270
-
30,218
K 164,647
K 7,449
K 17,270
K 114
K 2,555
K 192,035
April 1, 2025
Cash flow
March 31, 2026
Net additions to Lease
Liabilities/additions
due to acquisitions
Effective
Foreign
Borrowings
C 161,817
C (6,752)
C 1,852
C 119
C 10,838
I 167,874
Lease Liabilities
30,218
(11,561)
13,430
-
2,949
35,036
K 192,035
K (18,313)
K 15,282
K 119
K 13,787
K 202,910

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Non-fund based
The Company has non-fund based revolving credit facilities in various currencies equivalent to I 49,634 and I 49,747, as
at March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively, towards operational requirements that can be used for the issuance of letters
of credit and bank guarantees. As at March 31, 2025, and 2026, an amount of I 36,524, and I 36,389, respectively, was
unutilized out of these non-fund based facilities.
15. TRADE PAYABLES AND ACCRUED EXPENSES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Non-current
Accrued expenses
C -
I 4,394
K -
K 4,394
Current
Trade payables
C 21,985
I 22,258
Accrued expenses
66,267
72,666
K 88,252
K 94,924
K 88,252
K 99,318
16. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Non-current
Liability on written put options to non-controlling interests (Refer to Note 19)
C 4,945
I 3,071
Contingent consideration (Refer to Note 19)
1,307
1,178
1,026
Long-term incentive payable
Rent deposit
Other liabilities(1)
1,353
K 7,793
K 6,743
Current
Liability on written put options to non-controlling interests (Refer to Note 19)
C -
I 2,628
Capital creditors
1,255
Rent deposit
Contingent consideration (Refer to Note 19)
Interest accrued on loans and borrowings
Unclaimed dividend
Other liabilities(2)
5,221
K 3,878
K 11,357
K 11,671
K 18,100
(1) Includes payable to selling shareholders
(2) Includes liability on non-designated hedges

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
17. OTHER LIABILITIES
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Non-current
C 12,757
I 17,877
Employee benefits obligations
4,362
5,165
K 17,119
K 23,042
Current
Employee benefits obligations
C 16,001
I 17,967
14,295
16,012
K 31,086
K 34,801
K 48,205
K 57,843
18. PROVISIONS
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Non-current
C 294
I 224
K 294
K 224
Current
C 1,288
I 1,184
Others
K 1,637
K 1,496
K 1,931
K 1,720
A summary of activity in provision for warranty, provision for onerous contracts and other provisions is as follows:
Year ended March 31, 2025
Year ended March 31, 2026
Provision
Provision
Others
Total
Provision
Provision
Others
Total
C 217
C 1,599
C 155
C 1,971
I 207
I 1,582
I 142
I 1,931
Additional provision during the year
-
Utilized/written-back during the year
(217)
(624)
(13)
(854)
(207)
(826)
(44)
(1,077)
Translation adjustment
-
K 207
K 1,582
K 142
K 1,931
K 214
K 1,408
K 98
K 1,720
Provision for warranty represents cost associated with providing sales support services, which are accrued at the time of
recognition of revenues and are expected to be utilized over a period of 1 year.
Provision for onerous contracts is recognized when the expected benefit by the company from a contract are lower than the
unavoidable costs of meeting the future obligations under the contract.
Other provisions primarily include provisions for compliance related contingencies. The timing of cash outflows in respect of such
provision cannot be reasonably determined.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
19. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
Fair value
profit or
Amortized
Total
Mandatory
Designated
Financial Assets
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to Note 11)
C -
C -
C -
C 121,974
C 121,974
Investments (Refer to Note 8)

Equity Instruments
4,955
-
12,493
-
17,448

1,503
-
1,503

88,776
-
88,776

-
219,389
-
219,389

Government securities
-
10,651
-
10,651

Commercial papers
-
2,858
-
2,858

Bonds
-
21,138
-
21,138

-
76,169

Trade receivables (Refer to Note 9)
-
118,044

Unbilled receivables
-
64,280

-
13,112
Derivative assets (Refer to Note 19)
1,105
-
1,820
K 96,339
K 254,036
K 13,208
K 393,579
K 757,162
Financial Liabilities

(Refer to Note 15)
C -
C -
C -
C 88,252
C 88,252

Other financial liabilities (Refer to Note 16)
1,864
-
9,807
11,671
Loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts (Refer to Note 14)
-
161,817
Lease liabilities
-
30,218
Derivative liabilities (Refer to Note 19)
-
K 1,939
K -
K 893
K 290,094
K 292,926

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Fair value
through profit
or loss
Amortized
Total
Mandatory
Designated
Financial Assets
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to Note 11)
I -
I -
I -
I 105,555
I 105,555
Investments (Refer to Note 8)

Equity Instruments
7,336
-
12,143
-
19,479

1,281
-
1,281

79,719
-
79,719

-
210,328
-
210,328

Government securities
-
8,948
-
8,948

Commercial papers
-
14,227
-
14,227

Bonds
-
10,385
-
10,385

-
121,366

Trade receivables (Refer to Note 9)
-
136,250

Unbilled receivables
-
84,256

-
16,504
Derivative assets (Refer to Note 19)
-
K 88,631
K 243,888
K 12,736
K 463,931
K 809,186
Financial Liabilities

(Refer to Note 15)
I -
I -
I -
I 99,318
I 99,318

Other financial liabilities (Refer to Note 16)
1,634
-
16,466
18,100
Loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts (Refer to Note 14)
-
167,874
Lease liabilities
-
35,036
Derivative liabilities (Refer to Note 19)
1,453
-
9,525
-
10,978
K 3,087
K -
K 9,525
K 318,694
K 331,306

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Offsetting Financial assets and liabilities
Financial assets
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2026
Gross
Gross
Net amounts
Gross
Gross
Net amounts
Trade receivables - non-current
C 299
C -
C 299
I 349
I -
I 349
Trade receivables - current
126,512
(8,767)
117,745
147,371
(11,470)
135,901
4,664
-
4,664
6,259
-
6,259
8,448
-
8,448
10,245
-
10,245
-
7,433
-
7,433
66,194
(1,914)
64,280
77,802
(979)
76,823
K 206,117
K (10,681)
K 195,436
K 249,459
K (12,449)
K 237,010
Financial liabilities
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2026
Gross
Gross
Net amounts
Gross
Gross
Net amounts
Accrued expenses - non-current
C -
C -
C -
I 4,394
-
I 4,394
Trade payables and accrued
expenses - current
98,933
(10,681)
88,252
107,373
(12,449)
I 94,924
Other financial liabilities - non-
current
7,793
-
7,793
6,743
-
6,743
3,878
-
3,878
11,357
-
11,357
K 110,604
K (10,681)
K 99,923
K 129,867
K (12,449)
K 117,418
For the financial assets and liabilities subject to offsetting or similar arrangements, each agreement between the Company
and the counterparty allows for net settlement of the relevant financial assets and liabilities when both elect to settle on
a net basis. In the absence of such an election, financial assets and liabilities will be settled on a gross basis and hence
Fair value
Financial assets and liabilities include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, unbilled receivables, finance lease
receivables, employee and other advances, eligible current and non-current assets, loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts,
lease liabilities, trade payables and accrued expenses, and eligible current and non-current liabilities.
The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, unbilled receivables, short-term loans, borrowings and
bank overdrafts, lease liabilities, trade payables and accrued expenses, other current financial assets and liabilities
approximate their carrying amount largely due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Finance lease receivables
are periodically evaluated based on individual credit worthiness of customers. Based on this evaluation, the Company
records allowance for estimated credit losses on these receivables. As at March 31, 2025 and 2026, the carrying value
of such financial assets, net of allowances, and liabilities approximates the fair value.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Company s Unsecured Notes 2026 are contracted at fixed coupon rate of 1.50% and market yield on these loans as of
March 31, 2026 was 4.48%.
Investments in short-term mutual funds and fixed maturity plan mutual funds, which are classified as FVTPL are measured using
net asset values at the reporting date multiplied by the quantity held. Fair value of investments in non-convertible debentures,
government securities, commercial papers and bonds classified as FVTOCI is determined based on the indicative quotes of price
and yields prevailing in the market at the reporting date. Fair value of investments in equity instruments classified as FVTOCI or
The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined based on observable market inputs including currency spot and
The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have been defined
Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e.
There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026.
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2026
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Assets
Derivative instruments

K 715
C -
C 715
C -
K 593
I -
I 593
I -

Others
1,105
-
1,105
-
Investments

Short-term mutual funds
88,776
-
79,719
-

Fixed maturity plan mutual funds
1,503
-
1,503
-
1,281
-
1,281
-

Equity instruments
17,448
-
17,391
19,479
-
19,443

Non-convertible debentures,
government securities, commercial
papers and bonds
254,036
10,550
243,486
-
243,888
8,854
235,034
-
Liabilities
Derivative instruments

K (893)
C -
C (893)
C -
K (9,525)
I -
I (9,525)
I -

Others
(75)
-
(75)
-
(1,453)
-
(1,453)
-
Liability on written put options to
(4,945)
-
(4,945)
(5,699)
-
(5,699)
Contingent consideration
(1,864)
-
(1,864)
(1,634)
-
(1,634)

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Financial instrument
counterparties, primarily banks with investment grade credit ratings. Derivatives
valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs are mainly
interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forward contracts and foreign exchange
option contracts. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include
forward pricing, swap models and Black Scholes models (for option valuation),
using present value calculations. The models incorporate various inputs
including the credit quality of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward
rates, interest rate curves and forward rate curves of the underlying. As at
March 31, 2026, the changes in counterparty credit risk had no material effect
on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives designated in hedge
relationships and other financial instruments recognized at fair value.
government securities, commercial papers
and bonds
price and yields prevailing in the market as at reporting date.
Investment in fixed maturity plan mutual
funds
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of the Level 3 financial instruments included
Financial instrument
Fair value of these instruments is determined using market approach primarily
based on market multiples method.
Contingent consideration and liability on
written put options to non-controlling interest
Fair value of these instruments is determined using valuation techniques which
includes inputs relating to risk-adjusted revenue and operating profit forecast.
The following table presents changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 20,126
I 17,391
Additions
1,925
2,038
Disposals(1)(2)
(1,828)
(1,199)
Gain/(loss) recognized in consolidated statement of income
Gain/(loss) recognized in other comprehensive income
(3,609)
(1,431)
Translation adjustment
1,876
K 17,391
K 19,443
(1) During the year ended March 31, 2025, as a result of an acquisition by another investors, the Company sold its shares of equity instruments in
six companies at a fair value of I 1,281 and recognized a cumulative loss of I 175 in other comprehensive income and cumulative gain of I 152 in
(2) During the year ended March 31, 2026, as a result of an acquisition by another investors, the Company sold its shares of equity instruments in
three companies at a fair value of I 585 and recognized a cumulative gain of I 389 in other comprehensive income and cumulative loss of I 138 in

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Contingent consideration
C (429)
I (1,864)
(Addition)/Reversals(1)
(49)
Addition through Business combination (Refer to Note 7)
(1,537)
-
Payouts
-
Finance expense recognized in consolidated statement of income
(47)
(195)
Translation adjustment
(20)
(174)
K (1,864)
K (1,634)
(1) Towards change in fair value of earn-out liability as a result of changes in estimates of revenue and earnings over the earn-out period.
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Liability on written put options to non-controlling interests
C (4,303)
I (4,945)
Finance expense recognized in consolidated statement of income
(530)
(585)
Changes in fair value of written put options
-
Translation adjustment
(112)
(554)
K (4,945)
K (5,699)
As at March 31, 2025 and 2026, every 1% increase/decrease in the unobservable inputs used to estimate the fair value of
investment in equity instruments, fair value of contingent consideration and liability on written put options to non-controlling
interests, does not have a material impact on its fair value.
The Company is exposed to currency fluctuations on foreign currency assets/liabilities, forecasted cash flows denominated
in foreign currency and net investment in foreign operations. The Company is also exposed to interest rate fluctuations on
investments in floating rate financial assets and floating rate borrowings. The Company follows established risk management
policies, including the use of derivatives to hedge foreign currency assets/liabilities, interest rates, foreign currency forecasted
cash flows and net investment in foreign operations. The counterparties in these derivative instruments are primarily banks and

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
The following table presents the aggregate contracted principal amounts of the Company's derivative contracts outstanding:
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2026
Notional
Fair value
Notional
Fair value
Designated derivative
Sell: Forward contracts
U.S.$
1,008
(608)
U.S.$
2,475
(8,574)
€
£
AUD
AUD
(20)
Buy: Forward contracts
U.S.$
-
U.S.$

Range forward option
U.S.$
U.S.$
(1,497)
€
(55)
€
£
(89)
£
AUD
AUD
(32)
Interest rate swaps
U.S.$
U.S.$
-
Non-designated
derivative instruments
Sell: Forward contracts(1)
U.S.$
U.S.$
(1,581)
€
(27)
€
£
(14)
£
AUD
AUD
SGD
SGD
ZAR
(13)
ZAR
CAD
CAD
SAR
(4)
SAR
^
QAR
^
QAR
^
TRY
TRY
NOK
-
NOK
OMR
^
OMR
^
JPY
(13)
JPY
1,220
DKK
(11)
DKK
-
CNH
(1)
CNH
-
COP
8,120
COP
8,120
(3)
MYR
MYR
RON
(1)
RON
-
HKD
^
HKD
^
TWD
^
TWD
CHF
(3)
CHF
PHP
(4)
PHP
-
THB
THB
(2)
PLN
PLN
BRL
(2)
BRL
(18)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at March 31, 2025
As at March 31, 2026
Notional
Fair value
Notional
Fair value
Buy: Forward contracts
U.S.$
(25)
U.S.$
€
(162)
£
(16)
AUD
(2)
AUD
-
CAD
(40)
CAD
(11)
QAR
^
QAR
^
CNH
(1)
CNH
(7)
RON
RON
(12)
PLN
PLN
(43)
SEK
SEK
(7)
BRL
BRL
JPY
JPY
(1)
DKK
(1)
DKK
^
THB
(5)
THB
(6)
CRC
1,871
^
CRC
2,300
(7)
PHP
PHP
(2)
PEN
^
PEN
-
LKR
1,100
(1)
LKR
1,693
(2)
CLP
2,900
(5)
CLP
2,900
(3)
BHD
^
BHD
^
OMR
^
OMR
^
HKD
(5)
HKD
-
SGD
(3)
SGD
-
MYR
^
MYR
(4)
MXN
(1)
MXN
(14)
AED
-
AED
^
SAR
-
SAR
^
KRW
-
KRW
6,400
(8)
K
K
(10,090)
(1) U.S.$ 752 and U.S.$ 944 includes U.S.$/PHP sell forward of U.S.$ 197 and U.S.$ 242 as at March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively.
The Company determines the existence of an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item
based on the currency, amount and timing of its forecasted cash flows. Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the
hedge relationship, and through periodic prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists
between the hedged item and hedging instrument, including whether the hedging instrument is expected to offset changes in
cash flows of hedged items.
If the hedge ratio for risk management purposes is no longer optimal but the risk management objective remains unchanged and
the hedge continues to qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationship will be rebalanced by adjusting either the volume of
the hedging instrument or the volume of the hedged item so that the hedge ratio aligns with the ratio used for risk management
purposes. Any hedge ineffectiveness is calculated and accounted for in consolidated statement of income at the time of the
hedge relationship rebalancing.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
The following table summarizes activity in the cash flow hedging reserve within equity related to all derivative instruments
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 773
I (275)

(1,185)
(13,440)

(91)
(1,174)

Net (gain)/loss reclassified to consolidated statement of income on occurrence of
hedged transactions(1)
5,163

Net (gain)/loss on ineffective portion of derivative instruments classified to
-

Translation gain
-
K (1,048)
K (9,444)
K (275)
K (9,719)

2,320
K (210)
K (7,399)
(1) Includes net (gain)/loss reclassified to revenue of I 394 and I 6,093 for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively; net (gain)/loss
reclassified to cost of revenues of I (51) and I (877) for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively; net (gain)/loss reclassified to finance
expenses of I (213) and I (53) for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively and net (gain)/loss reclassified to finance and other income
of I 73 and I Nil for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively.
The related hedge transactions for balance in cash flow hedging reserves as at March 31, 2026 are expected to occur
and be reclassified to the consolidated statement of income over a period of 12 months.
As at March 31, 2025 and 2026, there were no material gains or losses on derivative transactions or portions thereof that
have become ineffective as hedges or associated with an underlying exposure that did not occur.
From time to time, in the normal course of business, the Company transfers accounts receivables, unbilled receivables
and net investment in finance lease receivables (financial assets) to banks. Under the terms of the arrangements, the
Company either substantially transfers its risks and rewards or surrenders control over the financial assets and transfer is
without recourse. Accordingly, on such transfers the financial assets are derecognized and considered as sale of financial
assets. Gains and losses on the sale of financial assets without recourse are recorded in finance expenses, at the time of
sale based on the carrying value of the financial assets and fair value of servicing liability. The incremental impact of such
transactions on our cash flow and liquidity for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026 is not material.
Market Risk
Market risk is the risk of loss of future earnings to fair values or to future cash flows that may result from a change in the
price of a financial instrument. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates,
foreign currency exchange rates and other market changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments. Market risk is
attributable to all market risk sensitive financial instruments including investments, foreign currency receivables, payables
and loans and borrowings.
The Company s exposure to market risk is a function of investment and financing activities and revenue generating
activities in foreign currency. The objective of market risk management is to avoid excessive exposure of the Company s
earnings and equity to losses.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Risk management procedures
The Company manages market risk through a corporate treasury department, which evaluates and exercises independent
control over the entire process of market risk management. The corporate treasury department recommends risk management
objectives and policies, which are approved by senior management and the Company s Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee.
The activities of this department include management of cash resources, implementing hedging strategies for foreign currency
exposures, loans and borrowing strategies, and ensuring compliance with market risk limits and policies.
The Company operates internationally, and a major portion of its business is transacted in several currencies. Consequently, we
are exposed to foreign exchange risk through receiving payment for sales and services in the U.S. and elsewhere and we make
purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The exchange rate risk primarily arises from foreign exchange
revenue, receivables, cash balances, forecasted cash flows, payables and foreign currency loans and borrowings. A significant
portion of the Company s revenue is in the U.S. Dollars, Pound Sterling, Euro, Indian Rupees, Australian Dollars and Canadian
Dollars, while a large portion of costs are in Indian Rupees. The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and these currencies
has fluctuated significantly in recent years and may continue to fluctuate in the future. Appreciation of the Indian Rupee against
these currencies can adversely affect the Company s results of operations.
The Company evaluates exchange rate exposure arising from these transactions and enters into foreign currency derivative
instruments to mitigate such exposure. The Company follows established risk management policies, including the use of
derivatives like foreign exchange forward/option contracts to hedge forecasted cash flows denominated in foreign currency.
The Company has designated certain derivative instruments as cash flow hedges to mitigate the foreign exchange exposure of
forecasted highly probable cash flows.
As of March 31, 2026, a I 1 increase in the spot exchange rate of the Indian Rupee with the U.S. Dollar would result in an
approximately I 2,756 (including consolidated statement of income of I 683 and other comprehensive income of I 2,073) decrease
in the fair value, and a I 1 decrease would result in an approximately I 2,743 (including consolidated statement of income of
I 683 and other comprehensive income of I 2,060) increase in the fair value of foreign currency dollar denominated derivative
instruments (forward and option contracts).
The below table presents foreign currency risk from non-derivative financial assets/(liabilities) as at March 31, 2025 and 2026:
As at March 31, 2025
U.S.$
Euro
Pound
Sterling
Australian
Dollar
Canadian
Dollar
Other
Currencies(1)
Total
Trade receivables
C 39,306
C 12,470
C 7,611
C 1,942
C 629
C 4,195
C 66,153
Unbilled receivables
23,341
4,383
4,227
1,622
2,179
36,335
28,719
5,871
1,357
1,007
4,392
2,575
43,921
1,187
1,504
4,467
Lease Liabilities
(2,625)
(2,894)
(2,402)
(259)
(72)
(1,104)
(9,356)
Trade payables, accrued expenses and other
(32,507)
(12,735)
(10,683)
(1,220)
(1,068)
(4,435)
(62,648)
K 57,019
K 8,282
K 463
K 3,629
K 4,565
K 4,914
K 78,872
(1) Other currencies reflect currencies such as Saudi Riyal, Swiss Franc, Singapore Dollar, United Arab Emirates Dirham and Polish Zloty.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
As at March 31, 2026
U.S.$
Euro
Pound
Sterling
Australian
Dollar
Canadian
Dollar
Other
Currencies(1)
Total
Trade receivables
I 51,190
I 13,487
I 9,294
I 2,680
I 577
I 4,851
I 82,079
Unbilled receivables
31,242
5,721
7,329
2,091
1,027
3,217
50,627
13,500
7,233
3,029
1,687
7,333
3,268
36,050
8,960
1,591
12,097
Lease Liabilities
(4,057)
(3,278)
(2,828)
(80)
(25)
(998)
(11,266)
Trade payables, accrued expenses and
(43,925)
(16,064)
(16,144)
(2,875)
(3,203)
(7,169)
(89,380)
K 56,910
K 8,690
K 1,070
K 3,596
K 5,865
K 4,076
K 80,207
(1) Other currencies reflect currencies such as Singapore Dollar, Swiss Franc, Polish Zloty, United Arab Emirates Dirham and Swedish Krona.
As at March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively, every 1% increase/decrease in the respective foreign currencies compared
to functional currency of the Company would increase/decrease the Company s profit before taxes by approximately
I 789 and I 802, respectively.
Interest rate risk primarily arises from floating rate borrowings, including various revolving and other lines of credit.
Our investments are primarily in short-term investments, which do not expose us to significant interest rate risk.
Interest rate risk primarily arises from floating rate borrowing, including various revolving and other lines of credit. If interest
rates were to increase by 100 bps as on March 31, 2026, additional net annual interest expense on floating rate borrowing
would amount to approximately I 799. Certain borrowings are also transacted at fixed interest rates.
Credit risk
this, the Company periodically assesses the credit rating and financial reliability of customers, considering the financial
condition, current economic trends, forward-looking macroeconomic information, analysis of historical bad debts and
ageing of accounts receivable. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable as of
March 31, 2025 and 2026, or revenues for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026. There is no significant
concentration of credit risk.
Trade receivables and unbilled receivables are written off where there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators
that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a customer to engage in a
repayment plan with the Company.
Refer to Note 9 for changes in the allowance for lifetime expected credit loss.
Counterparty risk
Counterparty risk encompasses issuer risk on marketable securities, settlement risk on derivative and money market
contracts and credit risk on cash and time deposits. Issuer risk is minimized by only buying securities in India which are at
least AA rated by Indian rating agencies. Settlement and credit risk is reduced by the policy of entering into transactions
with counterparties that are usually banks or financial institutions with acceptable credit ratings. Exposure to these risks are
closely monitored and maintained within predetermined parameters. There are limits on credit exposure to any financial
institution. The limits are regularly assessed and determined based upon credit analysis including financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits of I 3,546 and bank balances of I 83,236 held with two banks having high
credit ratings, which are individually in excess of 10% or more of the Company s total cash and cash equivalents as of March 31,
2026. Refer to Note 11.
We did not have any significant concentration of investment risk, as no investments with any single counterparty exceeded 10%
of our total investments as of March 31, 2026. Refer to Note 8.
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Company will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time or at a reasonable
price. The Company s corporate treasury department is responsible for liquidity and funding as well as settlement management.
In addition, processes and policies related to such risks are overseen by senior management. Management monitors our net
liquidity position through rolling forecasts based on the expected cash flows. As of March 31, 2026, cash and cash equivalents
are held with major banks and financial institutions.
The table below provides details regarding the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date. The
amounts include estimated interest payments and exclude the impact of netting agreements, if any.
As at March 31, 2025
Less than
Beyond
Total
Cashflows
Interest
included
in total
cash flows
Carrying
Loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts(1)
C 99,884
C 64,576
C -
C -
K 164,460
C (2,643)
K 161,817
Lease Liabilities(1)
9,563
6,950
8,426
11,379
36,318
(6,100)
30,218
Trade payables and accrued expenses
88,252
-
88,252
-
88,252
Derivative liabilities
-

Contingent consideration(2)
1,401
-
2,401
(537)
1,864

Liability on written put options to
non-controlling interests(2)
-
2,686
3,819
-
6,505
(1,560)
4,945

Rent Deposit
-

-
1,368
-
1,368

-

Capital creditors
1,255
-
1,255
-
1,255

Others
1,082
-
1,580
(9)
1,571
K 202,568
K 75,281
K 14,547
K 11,379
K 303,775
K (10,849)
K 292,926

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
As at March 31, 2026
Less than
Beyond
Total
Cashflows
Interest
Carrying
Loans, borrowings and bank
overdrafts(1)
I 167,648
I 2,076
I -
I -
K 169,724
I (1,850)
K 167,874
Lease Liabilities(1)
10,492
8,315
10,152
12,855
41,814
(6,778)
35,036
Trade payables and accrued
94,924
1,929
1,920
99,318
-
99,318
Derivative liabilities
10,978
-
10,978
-
10,978

Contingent consideration(2)
1,553
-
2,020
(386)
1,634

Liability on written put
options to
non-controlling interests(2)
2,689
-
3,375
-
6,064
(365)
5,699

Rent Deposit
-

-
1,440
-
1,440

-

Capital creditors
-

Others
6,057
1,027
7,820
-
7,820
K 295,471
K 14,541
K 16,246
K 14,427
K 340,685
K (9,379)
K 331,306
(1) Includes future cash outflow towards estimated interest on loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts, and lease liabilities.
(2) Includes future cash outflow towards estimated interest on contingent consideration and liability on written put options to non-controlling interests.
The balanced view of liquidity and financial indebtedness is stated in the table below. The management for external
communication with investors, analysts and rating agencies uses this calculation of the net cash position:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 121,974
I 105,555
Investments - current
411,474
437,680
Loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts
(161,817)
(167,874)
K 371,631
K 375,361

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
20. FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION RESERVE AND OTHER RESERVES
The movement in foreign currency translation reserve attributable to equity holders of the Company is summarized below:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 47,261
I 54,500
Translation difference related to foreign operations, net
7,294
46,377
Transfer of shares pertaining to Non-controlling interests of subsidiary
(14)
-
Reclassification of foreign currency translation differences on liquidation of subsidiaries to
(41)
-
Others
-
(5)
K 54,500
K 100,872
The movement in other reserves is summarized below:
Particulars
Other Reserves
Remeasurements
Investment
through OCI
Investment
through OCI
Capital
Redemption
Reserve
Gross
As at April 1, 2023
C (548)
C (119)
C 10,793
C 1,122
C -
Addition through Business combination (Refer to Note 7)
-
(4,238)
1,516
(473)
-
Buyback of equity shares (Refer to Note 22)
-
As at March 31, 2024
K (286)
K 1,397
K 10,320
K 1,661
K (4,238)
As at April 1, 2024
C (286)
C 1,397
C 10,320
C 1,661
C (4,238)
(3,476)
-
Bonus issue of equity shares (Refer to Note 22)
-
(1,661)
-
Transfer of shares pertaining to Non-controlling
interests of subsidiary
(8)
-
Transfer to Retained earnings(1)
(130)
-
(5,624)
-
As at March 31, 2025
K (135)
K 2,360
K 1,220
K -
K (4,238)
As at April 1, 2025
I (135)
I 2,360
I 1,220
I -
I (4,238)
(2,094)
(1,448)
-
As at March 31, 2026
K 17
K 266
K (228)
K -
K (4,238)
(1) Towards transfer of cumulative realized (gain)/loss on disposal of investments in equity instruments designated as FVTOCI and towards transfer of cumulative
(gain)/loss on remeasurement of defined benefit plans to retained earnings.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
21. INCOME TAXES
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Income tax expense as per the consolidated statement of income
C 36,089
C 42,777
I 40,767

(323)

(260)
(2,257)

K 37,013
K 42,649
K 38,197
Income tax expense consists of the following:
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
C 34,973
C 45,405
I 42,665
1,116
(2,628)
(1,898)
K 36,089
K 42,777
K 40,767
tax rate to profit before taxes is as follows:
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
C 147,210
C 174,957
I 173,422
34.94%
K 51,435
K 61,130
K 60,594
Effect of

C (14,897)
C (12,960)
I (13,755)

(202)
(332)

Income taxed at higher / (lower) rates
(7,497)
(7,736)
(7,393)

2,567
(2,306)
(4,141)

Changes in unrecognized deferred tax assets
1,092
(17)

3,945
4,460
4,803

Others, net
(354)
K 36,089
K 42,777
K 40,767
Effective income tax rate
24.52%
24.45%
23.51%

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Carry forward losses(1)
C 898
I 784
Trade payables, accrued expenses and other liabilities
7,106
7,886
1,428
2,016
2,234
Contract Assets
-
Others
K 9,641
K 13,218
C (536)
I (650)
Amortizable goodwill
(5,449)
(6,906)
Intangible assets
(7,931)
(8,407)
(2,912)
(2,687)
Contract liabilities
(209)
-
(3,485)
(2,627)
(3,001)
(3,965)
K (23,523)
K (25,242)
K (13,882)
K (12,024)
Amounts presented in consolidated statement of financial position:

C 2,561
I 5,242

(16,443)
(17,266)
(1) Includes deferred tax asset recognized on carry forward losses pertaining to business combinations.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
March 31, 2024
As at
April 1, 2023
Credit/
Credit/ (charge)
On account
of Business
Translation
As at
C 2,624
C (1,384)
C -
C -
C 14
C 1,254
Trade payables, accrued expenses
and other liabilities
6,367
(477)
(111)
(4)
5,793
1,743
(129)
-
1,618
(911)
(1)
-
(912)
Amortizable goodwill
(3,855)
(993)
-
(61)
(4,909)
Intangible assets
(10,170)
2,067
-
(367)
(131)
(8,601)
(1,170)
(259)
-
(1,347)
-
(554)
-
(195)
Contract asset / (Contract
liabilities)
(370)
(257)
-
(3)
(625)
Special Economic Zone re-
(7,237)
(583)
-
(7,820)
Others
(433)
-
(22)
(10)
K (13,053)
K (1,116)
K (924)
K (388)
K (169)
K (15,650)
March 31, 2025
As at
April 1, 2024
Credit/
Credit/ (charge)
On account
of Business
Translation
As at
C 1,254
C (357)
C -
C -
C 1
C 898
Trade payables, accrued expenses
and other liabilities
5,793
1,362
(49)
-
7,106
1,618
(190)
-
1,428
(912)
-
(536)
Amortizable goodwill
(4,909)
(422)
-
(118)
(5,449)
Intangible assets
(8,601)
1,446
-
(566)
(210)
(7,931)
(1,347)
(1,482)
(83)
-
(2,912)
(195)
-
Contract asset / (Contract
liabilities)
(625)
-
(12)
(209)
Special Economic Zone re-
(7,820)
4,335
-
(3,485)
Undistributed earnings of
-
(2,941)
-
(60)
(3,001)
Others
-
(28)
K (15,650)
K 2,628
K 128
K (566)
K (422)
K (13,882)

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
March 31, 2026
As at
April 1, 2025
Credit/
Credit/
On account
of Business
Translation
As at
C 898
C (239)
C -
C 9
C 116
I 784
Trade payables, accrued expenses and
other liabilities
7,106
(142)
(10)
7,886
1,428
-
2,016
(536)
(392)
-
(650)
Amortizable goodwill
(5,449)
(873)
-
(584)
(6,906)
Intangible assets
(7,931)
2,277
-
(1,915)
(838)
(8,407)
Interest income and fair value movement of
(2,912)
(369)
(75)
(2,687)
(87)
2,257
-
(1)
2,234
Contract asset / (Contract liabilities)
(209)
-
Special Economic Zone re-investment
(3,485)
-
(2,627)
(3,001)
(587)
-
(377)
(3,965)
Others
-
(57)
(34)
K (13,882)
K 1,898
K 2,570
K (1,231)
K (1,379)
K (12,024)
Deferred taxes on unrealized foreign exchange gain/loss relating to cash flow hedges, fair value movements in investments
and remeasurements of the defined benefit plans are recognized in other comprehensive income. Deferred tax liability on the
intangible assets identified and carry forward losses on acquisitions is recorded by an adjustment to goodwill. Other than these,
the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities is primarily recorded in the consolidated statement of income.
In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers the extent to which IT is probable that the deferred
tax asset will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
profits during the periods in which those temporary differences and tax loss carry-forwards become deductible. The Company
considers the expected reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making
this assessment. Based on this, the Company believes that IT is probable that the Company will realize the benefits of these
deductible differences. The amount of deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if
the estimates of future taxable income during the carry-forward period are reduced.
Deferred tax asset amounting to I 10,816 and I 13,613 as at March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively in respect of unused tax losses
have not been recognized by the Company. The tax loss carry-forwards of I 44,274 and I 56,119 as at March 31, 2025 and 2026,
respectively, on which deferred tax asset has not been recognized by the Company, because IT is probable that future taxable
profits will not be available against which the unused tax losses can be utilized in the foreseeable future. Approximately, I 40,292,
and I 51,505 as at March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively, of these tax loss carry-forwards is not currently subject to expiration
dates. The remaining tax loss carry-forwards of approximately I 3,982 and I 4,614 as at March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively,
expires in various years through fiscal year 2046.
The Company has recognized deferred tax assets of I 898 and I 784 primarily in respect of carry forward losses including certain
subsidiaries as at March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively. Management s projections of future taxable income and tax planning
strategies support the assumption that IT is probable that sufficient taxable income will be available to utilize these deferred
tax assets.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
A substantial portion of the profits of the Company s India operations are exempt from Indian income taxes being profits
attributable to export operations and profits from units established under the Special Economic Zone Act, 2005 scheme.
Units in designated SEZs providing service on or after April 1, 2005 will be eligible for a deduction of 100% of profits or
gains derived from the export of services for the first five years from commencement of provision of services and 50% of
such profits and gains for a further five years. A 50% tax deduction is available for a further five years subject to the unit
meeting certain defined conditions. Profits from certain other undertakings are also eligible for preferential tax treatment.
New SEZ units set up on or after April 1, 2021 are not eligible for the aforesaid deduction. The tax holiday period being
currently available to the Company expires in various years through fiscal years 2034-35. The impact of tax holidays has
resulted in a decrease of current tax expense of I 14,308, I 11,798, and I 13,092 for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025
and 2026, respectively, compared to the effective tax amounts that the Company estimates IT would have been required
to pay if these incentives had not been available. The per equity share effect of these tax incentives for the years ended
March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026 is I 1.35, I 1.13, and I 1.25, respectively. For the year ended March 31, 2024, earnings
per equity share have been proportionately adjusted for the bonus issue in ratio of 1:1. Refer to Note 22.
Deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences except in respect of taxable temporary
differences associated with investments in certain subsidiaries where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference
can be controlled and IT is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Accordingly,
deferred income tax liabilities on cumulative earnings of certain subsidiaries amounting to I 86,937 and I 69,693 as at
March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively and branch profit tax at 15% of the U.S. branch profit have not been
recognized. Further, IT is not practicable to estimate the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for these
undistributed earnings.
The Pillar Two legislations are neither enacted nor substantively enacted by Government of India, where the parent
company is incorporated. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted, or substantively enacted, in certain other jurisdictions
where the Company operates. However, the Company does not expect any material financial impact for the year ended
March 31, 2026. In line with amended IAS 12, the Company has not recognized deferred taxes related to Pillar Two income
taxes and accordingly has applied the mandatory exception as per the said standard.
22. DIVIDENDS, BONUS ISSUE AND BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES

The Company declares and pays dividends in Indian Rupees. According to the Companies Act, 2013 any dividend
should be declared out of accumulated distributable profits. A company may, before the declaration of any dividend,
transfer a percentage of its profits for that financial year as IT may consider appropriate to the reserves.

The cash dividends paid per equity share were I 1, I 6 and I 11 (I 5 declared on July 17, 2025 and I 6 declared on
January 16, 2026), during the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively.

During the year ended March 31, 2024, the Company concluded the buyback of 269,662,921 equity shares (at a
price of I 445 per equity share) as approved by the Board of Directors on April 27, 2023. This has resulted in a total
cash outflow of I 145,173 (including tax on buyback of I 24,783 and transaction costs related to buyback of I 390).
In line with the requirement of the Companies Act, 2013, an amount of I 3,768 and I 141,405 has been utilized from
share premium and retained earnings respectively. Further, capital redemption reserve (included in other reserves)
of I 539 (representing the nominal value of the shares bought back) has been created as an apportionment from
retained earnings. Consequent to such buyback, the paid-up equity share capital has reduced by I 539.

During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company concluded bonus issue in the ratio of 1:1 i.e. 1 (one) bonus
equity share of I 2 each for every 1 (one) fully paid-up equity shares held (including ADS holders) was approved
by the shareholders of the Company on November 21, 2024. Subsequently, on December 4, 2024, the Company
allotted 5,232,094,402 equity shares (including ADS) to shareholders who held equity shares as on the record date
of December 3, 2024. The Company also allotted 1:1 bonus equity share on 1,274,805 equity shares (including
ADS) under allotment as on the record date. Consequently, I 10,467 (representing par value of I 2 per share) was
transferred from capital redemption reserves, share premium and retained earnings to the share capital.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
23. ADDITIONAL CAPITAL DISCLOSURES

The key objective of the Company s capital management is to ensure that IT maintains a stable capital structure with the focus
on total equity to uphold investor, creditor, and customer confidence and to ensure future development of its business. The
Company s focus is to keep strong total equity base to ensure independence, security, as well as a high financial flexibility
for potential future borrowings, if required without impacting the risk profile of the Company.

The Company s goal is to continue to be able to return excess liquidity to shareholders by continuing to distribute annual
dividends in future periods. The amount of future dividends/ buyback of equity shares will be balanced with efforts to continue
to maintain an adequate liquidity status.

The capital structure as at March 31, 2025 and 2026 was as follows:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
% Change
Equity attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company
C 828,309
I 885,368
7%
81%
Current loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts
97,863
165,912
Non-current loans and borrowings
63,954
1,962
30,218
35,036
Total loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts and lease liabilities
K 192,035
K 202,910
6%
19%
Total capital
K 1,020,344
K 1,088,278
7%

Loans and borrowings represent 16% and 15% of total capital as at March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively. The Company
is not subjected to any externally imposed capital requirements.
24. REVENUE

The following table presents the changes in contract assets balance:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 19,854
I 15,795
Amount reclassified to receivables pertaining to fixed price development contracts on
completion of milestones
(14,730)
(14,073)
Increase due to revenue recognized during the year
10,617
12,233
Translation adjustment
K 15,795
K 14,819

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS

The following table presents the changes in contract liabilities balance:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 17,653
I 20,063
Revenue recognized from opening balance of contract liabilities
(14,695)
(15,724)
17,036
20,262
Translation adjustment
K 20,063
K 25,434

B. Remaining performance obligations

recognized, which includes contract liabilities and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future
periods. Applying the practical expedient, the Company has not disclosed its right to consideration from customers
in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the Company s performance completed to
date, which are contracts invoiced on time and material basis and volume based.

As at March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, the aggregate amount of the Transaction Price allocated to remaining
performance obligations, other than those meeting the exclusion criteria above, were I 318,756, I 364,937 and
I 373,976, respectively, of which approximately 66%, 66% and 63%, respectively, is expected to be recognized as
revenues within two years, and the remainder thereafter. This includes contracts with a substantive enforceable
termination penalty if the contract is terminated without cause by the customer, based on an overall assessment of
the contract carried out at the time of inception. Historically, customers have not terminated contracts without cause.
C. Disaggregation of revenue

The tables below present disaggregated revenue from contracts with customers by business segment (refer to Note
33 Segment Information ), sector and nature of contract. The Company believes that the below disaggregation best
depicts the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows from economic factors.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Information on disaggregation of revenues for the year ended March 31, 2024 is as follows:
IT Services
IT Products
Total
Americas 1
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Total
Revenue

C 268,131
C 269,387
C 253,817
C 102,141
C 893,476
C -
C 893,476

-
4,127
K 268,131
K 269,387
K 253,817
K 102,141
K 893,476
K 4,127
K 897,603

Banking, Financial Services and
Insurance
C 2,462
C 165,002
C 95,475
C 35,762
C 298,701

Health
95,496
17,699
4,954
118,311

Consumer
102,439
5,351
43,035
16,387
167,212

Technology and Communications(1)
66,326
25,220
30,961
19,651
142,158

Energy, Manufacturing and
Resources(1)
1,408
73,652
66,647
25,387
167,094
K 268,131
K 269,387
K 253,817
K 102,141
K 893,476
K 4,127
K 897,603

C 150,253
C 140,676
C 149,007
C 62,011
C 501,947
C -
C 501,947

117,878
128,711
104,810
40,130
391,529
-
391,529

Products
-
4,127
K 268,131
K 269,387
K 253,817
K 102,141
K 893,476
K 4,127
K 897,603

Information on disaggregation of revenues for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:
IT Services
IT Products
Total
Americas 1
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Total
Revenue

C 281,806
C 271,965
C 240,187
C 94,234
C 888,192
C -
C 888,192

-
2,692
K 281,806
K 271,965
K 240,187
K 94,234
K 888,192
K 2,692
K 890,884

Banking, Financial Services and
Insurance
C 1,240
C 172,817
C 91,965
C 38,231
C 304,253

Health
108,305
13,982
3,272
125,795

Consumer
103,875
6,659
43,435
15,344
169,313

Technology and Communications(1)
64,907
24,255
31,804
14,933
135,899

Energy, Manufacturing and
Resources(1)
3,479
67,998
59,001
22,454
152,932
K 281,806
K 271,965
K 240,187
K 94,234
K 888,192
K 2,692
K 890,884

C 144,904
C 137,385
C 142,241
C 56,390
C 480,920
C -
C 480,920

136,902
134,580
97,946
37,844
407,272
-
407,272

Products
-
2,692
K 281,806
K 271,965
K 240,187
K 94,234
K 888,192
K 2,692
K 890,884

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS

Information on disaggregation of revenues for the year ended March 31, 2026 is as follows:
IT Services
IT Products
Total
Americas 1
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Total
Revenue

I 305,036
I 268,532
I 243,645
I 102,087
I 919,300
I -
I 919,300

-
6,940
K 305,036
K 268,532
K 243,645
K 102,087
K 919,300
K 6,940
K 926,240

Banking, Financial Services
and Insurance
I 842
I 170,299
I 96,587
I 46,283
I 314,011

Health
116,104
1,408
12,944
3,392
133,848

Consumer
107,075
3,772
44,537
13,586
168,970

Technology and
Communications
74,591
22,195
35,329
14,438
146,553

Energy, Manufacturing and
Resources
6,424
70,858
54,248
24,388
155,918
K 305,036
K 268,532
K 243,645
K 102,087
K 919,300
K 6,940
K 926,240
Revenue by nature of
contract

Fixed price and volume
I 153,658
I 126,105
I 139,795
I 62,210
I 481,768
I -
I 481,768

151,378
142,427
103,850
39,877
437,532
-
437,532

Products
-
6,940
K 305,036
K 268,532
K 243,645
K 102,087
K 919,300
K 6,940
K 926,240

(1) Effective October 1, 2024, the Company has reorganized its sectors by merging Technology and Communications into Technology
and Communications sector, and by merging Energy, Natural Resources and Utilities and Manufacturing into Energy, Manufacturing and
Resources sector. Comparative period disaggregation of revenue has been restated to give effect to this change.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
25. EXPENSES BY NATURE
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Employee compensation(1)
C 549,301
C 533,477
I 555,855
Sub-contracting and technical fees
103,030
100,148
107,668
Cost of hardware and software
4,116
3,170
5,934
Travel
15,102
14,095
13,882
Facility expenses
14,556
16,067
15,886
Software license expense for internal use
18,378
19,338
21,720
Depreciation, amortization and impairment(2)
34,071
29,579
29,107
Communication
4,878
3,842
3,414
Legal and professional fees
9,559
11,270
10,199
5,993
5,804
5,858
3,555
3,591
3,480
Lifetime expected credit loss/ (write-back)
2,838
(Gain)/loss on sale of property, plant and equipment, net(3)
(2,072)
(606)
(393)
Miscellaneous expenses(4)
(454)
1,394
Total cost of revenues, selling and marketing expenses and general and
administrative expenses
K 761,844
K 739,645
K 776,842
(1) Employee compensation includes impact of past service cost on gratuity and remeasurement of leave encashment due to implementation of new labour code
amounting to I 2,756 for the year ended March 31, 2026.
(2) Depreciation, amortization, and impairment includes an impairment charge on intangible assets amounting to I 1,701, I 1,155 and I 851, for the years ended
March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively (Refer to Note 6).
(3) (Gain)/loss on sale of property, plant and equipment, net for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, includes gain on sale of immovable properties
of I (2,357) and gain on relinquishment of the lease hold rights of land, transfer of building along with other assets of I (885) and gain on transfer of building of
I (405), respectively.
(4) Miscellaneous expenses are net of reversals of contingent consideration I 1,300, I 169 and I (49) for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026,
respectively (Refer to Note 19). Miscellaneous expenses are net of insurance claim received of I 1,805 during the year ended March 31, 2025.
26. FINANCE EXPENSES
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Interest on loans, borrowings and bank overdrafts
C 6,893
C 7,124
I 5,368
Interest on lease liabilities
1,334
1,593
1,956
Interest on liability on written put options to non-controlling interests
Other finance expenses(1)
4,292
5,523
6,668
K 12,552
K 14,770
K 14,577
(1) Includes gain on remeasurement of written put options amounting to I 385 for the year ended March 31, 2026.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
27. FINANCE AND OTHER INCOME AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE GAINS/(LOSSES), NET
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Interest income
C 19,478
C 27,210
I 28,367
2,299
4,558
8,765
7,763
(143)
(72)
K 23,896
K 38,202
K 36,491
Foreign exchange gains/(losses), net on financial instruments measured
at FVTPL
C 650
C (398)
I (5,867)
Other foreign exchange gains/(losses), net
(310)
7,720
Foreign exchange gains/(losses), net
K 340
K 32
K 1,853
28. EARNINGS PER EQUITY SHARE
A reconciliation of profit for the year and equity shares used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per equity
Basic: Basic earnings per equity share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year, excluding equity shares purchased by the
Company and held as treasury shares.
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
C 110,452
C 131,354
I 131,974
10,576,571,110
10,456,741,552
10,476,247,846
K 10.44
K 12.56
K 12.60
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
C 110,452
C 131,354
I 131,974

10,576,571,110
10,456,741,552
10,476,247,846

34,853,518
32,197,840
27,175,090
Weighted average number of equity shares for diluted earnings
per share
10,611,424,628
10,488,939,392
10,503,422,936
K 10.41
K 12.52
K 12.56
For the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, 128,916, 1,294,623 and 1,586,275 options, respectively, were
excluded from the diluted weighted-average number of equity shares calculation because their effect would have been
anti-dilutive.
Earnings per share and number of shares outstanding for the year ended March 31, 2024, has been proportionately
adjusted for the bonus issue in the ratio of 1:1 i.e. 1 (one) bonus equity share of I 2 each for every 1 (one) fully paid-up
equity shares held (including ADS holders). Refer to Note 22.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
29. EMPLOYEE STOCK INCENTIVE PLANS
The stock compensation expense recognized for employee services received during the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and
2026, were I 5,590, I 5,542, and I 4,465, respectively.
Wipro Equity Reward Trust ( WERT )
In 1984, the Company established a controlled trust called WERT. In the previous years, WERT purchased shares of the Company
out of funds borrowed from the Company. The Company s Nomination and Remuneration Committee recommends to WERT
certain officers and key employees, to whom WERT issues shares from its holdings at nominal price subject to vesting conditions.
WERT held 5,952,740, 11,905,480 and 11,905,480 treasury shares as of March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively.
Wipro Employee Restricted Stock Unit Option Plans
Name of Plan
Range of
Wipro ADS Restricted Stock Unit Plan (WARSUP 2004 plan)(1)
174,595,958
U.S.$ 0.03
Wipro Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2005 (WSRUP 2005 plan)(1)
96,595,958
I 2
Wipro Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2007 (WSRUP 2007 plan)(1)
67,663,302
I 2
Wipro Limited Employee Stock Options, Performance Stock Unit and/or Restricted Stock Unit
Scheme 2024 (Wipro 2024 Scheme)(1)
400,000,000
U.S.$ 0.03/I 2
(1) The maximum contractual term of these RSU option plans is perpetual until the options are available for grant under the plan.
Employees covered under RSU options plans are granted an option to purchase shares of the Company at the respective exercise
prices, subject to requirements of vesting conditions. These options generally vest in tranches over a period of one to three years
from the date of grant. Upon vesting, the employees can acquire one equity share for every option and can exercise within a
period of twelve months from the vesting date of last tranche under the grant.
The activity in equity-settled RSU option plans is summarized below:
Range of exercise
price and weighted
average exercise
price
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Numbers of
Numbers of
Numbers of
C 2
U.S.$ 0.03
8,452,491
16,457,558
7,735,669
18,851,226
18,634,747
36,956,579
Bonus on outstanding (Refer to Note 22)
C 2
U.S.$ 0.03
-
10,749,111
22,882,839
-
Granted
C 2
U.S.$ 0.03
5,237,166
14,546,143
5,513,469
15,030,302
10,617,130
23,259,750
Adjustment of Performance based stock options on
completion of performance measurement period
C 2
U.S.$ 0.03
(655,831)
(1,807,750)
(331,920)
(499,875)
(1,841,526)
(3,986,719)
Exercised
C 2
U.S.$ 0.03
(4,151,654)
(6,674,868)
(3,731,212)
(9,897,384)
(5,293,789)
(10,982,620)
C 2
U.S.$ 0.03
(1,146,503)
(3,669,857)
(1,300,370)
(9,410,529)
(2,771,279)
(8,303,933)
C 2
U.S.$ 0.03
7,735,669
18,851,226
18,634,747
36,956,579
19,345,283
36,943,057
C 2
U.S.$ 0.03
1,905,001
2,038,346
1,996,731
1,007,466
2,010,308
1,283,137

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Restricted Stock Units (RSU)
3,344,668
3,498,476
6,743,031
1,892,498
2,014,993
3,874,099
Total
5,237,166
5,513,469
10,617,130
ADS RSU
8,886,979
9,707,235
14,834,924
5,659,164
5,323,067
8,424,826
Total
14,546,143
15,030,302
23,259,750
(1) Numbers in above table for years ended March 31, 2024 and 2025 are not given effect of bonus shares issued during the year ended March 31, 2025.
During the year ended March 31, 2026, RSU and ADS grants were issued under the Wipro 2024 Scheme. Performance-
based stock options will vest based on the performance parameters of the Company.
The activity in cash-settled RSU option plans is summarized below:
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
11,800
7,000
-
Exercised
(4,800)
-
(7,000)
-
7,000
-
7,000
-
The following table summarizes information about outstanding RSU option plans:
Year ended March 31, 2024
Year ended March 31, 2025
Year ended March 31, 2026
Number of
Weighted average
Number of
Weighted average
Number of
Weighted average

7,735,669
18,634,747
19,345,283
U.S.$
0.03
18,851,226
36,956,579
36,943,057
The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026
was I 387.67, I 454.58 and I 249.40 for each option, respectively. The weighted average share price of options exercised
during the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026 was I 422.87, I 389.52 and I 246.01 for each option, respectively.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
C 524,484
C 507,629
I 525,825
19,227
20,306
25,565
Share-based compensation(1)
5,590
5,542
4,465
K 549,301
K 533,477
K 555,855
(1) Includes I 6, I (9) and I Nil for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively, towards cash settled ADSs and RSUs.
The employee benefit cost is recognized in the following line items in the consolidated statement of income:
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Cost of revenues
C 459,466
C 452,800
I 480,122
Selling and marketing expenses
51,224
47,788
43,060
General and administrative expenses
38,611
32,889
32,673
K 549,301
K 533,477
K 555,855
Defined benefit plan actuarial (gains)/losses recognized in other comprehensive income include:
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
C (675)
C (416)
I 384
(115)
(12)
(1,290)
(71)
(Gain)/loss on re-measurement of defined benefit plans, net
K (193)
K (323)
K (142)
Deferred tax (asset)/liability thereon
(Gain)/loss on re-measurement of defined benefit plans, net of
deferred taxes
K (82)
K(274)
K (132)

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
b) Gratuity and foreign pension
Defined benefit plans include gratuity for employees drawing salary in Indian Rupees, pension and certain benefit plans
in foreign jurisdictions.
Amount recognized in the consolidated statement of income in respect of defined benefit plans is as follows:
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
C 2,993
C 3,205
I 3,795
-
3,566
Net interest expense on net defined benefit liability
Net charge to consolidated statement of income
K 3,038
K 3,300
K 7,629
C 1,828
C 1,646
I 879
Change in present value of defined benefit obligation is summarized below:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 21,516
I 24,188
Addition through Business combination
-
1,311
3,205
3,795
-
3,566
1,308
1,506
Benefits paid
(2,627)
(2,631)

(115)

(12)
(1,290)
Translation adjustment
1,291
K 24,188
K 32,581
Change in plan assets is summarized below:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 20,022
I 22,231
Addition through Business combination
-
1,230
1,263
Employer contributions
5,417
Benefits paid
(313)
(188)

(384)
Translation adjustment
1,200
K 22,231
K 29,837

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 24,188
I 32,581
22,231
29,837
K (1,957)
K (2,744)
(545)
(678)
Recognized liability
K (2,502)
K (3,422)
Change in effect of asset ceiling is summarized below:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 442
I 545
Translation adjustment
K 545
K 678
As at March 31, 2025 and 2026, plan assets were primarily invested in insurer managed funds.
The Company has established an income tax approved irrevocable trust fund to which IT regularly contributes to finance the
liabilities of the gratuity plan. The fund s investments are managed by certain insurance companies as per the selection made by
the trustees among the fund plan available.
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
Discount rate
5.75%
5.70%
5.75%
5.70%
6.40%
6.44%
7.03 years
6.53 years
The discount rate is primarily based on the prevailing market yields of government securities for the estimated term of the
obligations. The estimates of future salary increase considered takes into account the inflation, seniority, promotion and other
relevant factors. Attrition rate considered is the management s estimate, based on previous years employee turnover of
The expected return on plan assets is based on expectation of the average long-term rate of return expected on investments of
the fund during the estimated term of the obligations.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
C 3,545

C 3,565

3,218

2,953

2,736

2,412

Thereafter
17,692
Total
K 32,576
I 3,515

I 5,493

4,518

4,134

3,748

3,493

Thereafter
21,690
Total
K 43,076
The expected benefits are based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company s benefit obligations as at
Sensitivity for significant actuarial assumptions is computed to show the movement in defined benefit obligation by
1 percentage.
As of March 31, 2026, every 1 percentage point increase/(decrease) in discount rate will result in (decrease)/increase
of defined benefit obligation by approximately I (1,914) and I 2,228, respectively (March 31, 2025: I (1,565) and I 1,807,
respectively).
As of March 31, 2026, every 1 percentage point increase/(decrease) in expected rate of salary will result in increase/
(decrease) of defined benefit obligation by approximately I 1,620 and I (1,512), respectively (March 31, 2025: I 1,189 and
I (1,129), respectively).
The sensitivity analysis to significant actuarial assumptions may not be representative of the actual change in the defined
benefit obligations as the change in assumptions may not occur in isolation since some of the assumptions may be
correlated. Furthermore, in presenting the sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit obligations has
been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same as that applied
in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
C 121,067
I 133,417
(121,067)
(133,417)
Net shortfall
K -
K -
The total expense for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026 is I 6,265, I 6,517 and I 7,058, respectively.
The plan assets have been invested as per the regulations of Employees' Provident Fund Organization (EPFO).
The principal assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of interest guarantee under the deterministic approach
are as follows:
As at
March 31, 2025
As at
March 31, 2026
6.55%
6.50%
8.25%
The total expense for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026 was I 9,969, I 10,584 and I 11,146, respectively.
31. RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIP AND TRANSACTIONS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Attune Consulting India
Private Limited
India
100.00%
Capco Technologies Private
India
100.00%
China
8.96%
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SRL
Romania
^
Wipro IT Services Bangladesh
Bangladesh
100.00%
Wipro IT Services UK
Societas
100.00%
Capco Consulting Middle East FZE(2)
UAE
100.00%
Designit A/S
Denmark
100.00%
Designit Denmark A/S
Denmark
100.00%
Designit Germany GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Designit Oslo A/S
Norway
100.00%
Designit Spain Digital, S.L.U
Spain
100.00%
Israel
100.00%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Wipro Bahrain Limited Co. W.L.L
Bahrain
100.00%
Wipro Czech Republic IT Services
s.r.o.
Czech Republic
100.00%
Wipro CRM Services
Belgium
100.00%
Wipro 4C Consulting France
SAS
France
100.00%
Netherlands
100.00%
Wipro CRM Services ApS
Denmark
100.00%
Wipro CRM Services UK
100.00%
Grove Holdings 2 S.á.r.l
Luxembourg
100.00%
Capco Solution Services GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Italy Srl
Italy
100.00%
Capco Brasil Serviços E
Consultoria Ltda
Brazil
99.99%
BV(1)
Belgium
100.00%
PT. WT Indonesia
Indonesia
99.60%
Rainbow Software LLC
Iraq
100.00%
Saudi Arabia
66.67%
Women's Business Park
Saudi Arabia
100.00%
Wipro Doha LLC
Qatar
100.00%
Wipro Financial Outsourcing Services
100.00%
Wipro Gulf LLC
Sultanate of Oman
99.98%
Wipro Information Technology
Netherlands BV.
Netherlands
100.00%
Wipro Gulf LLC
Sultanate of Oman
0.02%
Wipro Technologies SA
Argentina
2.62%
Thailand
0.03%
Wipro Technologies GmbH
Germany
14.87%
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas De
Informatica Ltda
Brazil
0.07%
Wipro do Brasil Technologia
Ltda(1)
Brazil
99.44%
Wipro Information Technology
Kazakhstan LLP
Kazakhstan
100.00%
Wipro Outsourcing Services
(Ireland) Limited
Ireland
100.00%
Wipro Portugal S.A.(1)
Portugal
100.00%
Wipro Solutions Canada
Canada
100.00%
Russia
99.99%
Wipro Technologies Peru SAC
Peru
99.98%
Sociedad Anonima
Costa Rica
100.00%
Wipro Technology Chile SPA
Chile
100.00%
Applied Value Technologies B.V. Netherlands
100.00%

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Wipro IT Service Ukraine, LLC
Ukraine
100.00%
Wipro IT Services Poland SP Z.O.O
Poland
100.00%
Romania
100.00%
Wipro Regional Headquarter
Saudi Arabia
100.00%
Australia
100.00%
Wipro Ampion Holdings Pty
Ltd(1)
Australia
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SA
Argentina
97.38%
Wipro Technologies SA DE CV
Mexico
91.08%
Wipro Technologies South Africa
South Africa
69.42%
Wipro Technologies Nigeria
Nigeria
99.84%
Wipro Technologies SRL
Romania
100.00%
Thailand
99.97%
China
84.63%
Nigeria
0.16%
Russia
0.01%
Wipro Technologies Peru SAC
Peru
0.02%
Wipro Japan KK
Japan
100.00%
Singapore
100.00%
Applied Value Technologies Pte.
Singapore
100.00%
China
91.04%
PT. WT Indonesia
Indonesia
0.40%
Thailand
^
China
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SDN BHD
Malaysia
100.00%
Wipro (Tianjin) Limited(3)
China
100.00%
Philippines
100.00%
China
15.37%
India
100.00%
Wipro, LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro Technologies SA DE CV
Mexico
8.92%
Wipro Gallagher Solutions, LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro Insurance Solutions, LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro IT Services, LLC(8)
USA
100.00%
USA
60.00%
Edgile, LLC
USA
100.00%
HealthPlan Services, Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Infocrossing, LLC
USA
100.00%
International TechneGroup
Incorporated(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro NextGen Enterprise
Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Rizing Intermediate Holdings,
Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Appirio, Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Designit Services, Inc.(1)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Telecom Consulting LLC
USA
100.00%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Wipro VLSI Design Services,
USA
100.00%
Applied Value Technologies,
USA
100.00%
Wipro Business Services LLC(10) USA
100.00%
LLC(1) (7)
USA
100.00%
Aggne Global IT
Services Private
India
60.00%
USA
100.00%
Wipro Life Science Solutions, LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro Connected
Services, Inc.
(Formerly known as
Harman Connected
Services, Inc.)(4) (5)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Connected Services Mauritius
Pvt Ltd (Formerly known as Harman
Connected Services Mauritius
Pvt Ltd)
Mauritius
100.00%
Connected Services
Corporation Wipro India Private
Limited (Formerly known as
Harman Connected Services
Corporation India Pvt. Ltd.)
India
98.40%
Wipro India Private Limited (Formerly
known as Harman Connected
Services Corporation India Pvt. Ltd.)
India
1.60%
Wipro Connected Services
Engineering Corp. (Formerly known
as Harman Connected Services
Engineering Corp.)
USA
100.00%
Wipro Connected Services UK
Limited (Formerly known as Harman
Connected Services UK Limited)
UK
100.00%
Harman Connected Services
Morocco
Morocco
100.00%
Wipro Connected Services US Midco
LLC (Formerly known as Harman
Connected Services US Midco LLC)
USA
100.00%
Harman Connected Services
AB(1)
Sweden
100.00%
The Wipro SA Broad
Based Ownership
Scheme Trust
Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership
100.00%
Wipro Technologies South
Africa (Proprietary) Limited
South Africa
30.58%
The Company controls The Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership Scheme Trust , Wipro SA Broad Based Ownership Scheme SPV (RF) (PTY) LTD'
incorporated in South Africa and Wipro Foundation in India.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(2) Grove Holdings 2 S.á.r.l. has transferred its entire shareholding in Capco Consulting Middle East FZE to Wipro IT Services UK Societas, effective
September 19, 2025.
(3) Wipro (Tianjin) Limited has been incorporated with effect from May 23, 2025, which is 100% held by Wipro Networks Pte Limited.
(4) The Company, through its subsidiaries, has acquired 100% shareholding in Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly known as Harman Connected Services,
Inc.) and its subsidiaries, effective December 1, 2025.
(5) Wipro Digital Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary, has merged with Wipro Connected Services, Inc. (Formerly known as Harman Connected Services, Inc.), a step-
down subsidiary, effective December 1, 2025.
(6) Cardinal US Holdings, Inc transferred its entire ownership in Capco Consulting Services LLC to The Capital Markets Company, LLC effective March 30, 2026.
(9) Rizing Consulting USA, LLC (Formerly known as Rizing Consulting USA, Inc.) merged with Rizing LLC effective March 31, 2026.
(10) Wipro Business Services LLC has been incorporated as a step down subsidiary of the Company with effect from January 20, 2026, which is 100% held by
Wipro, LLC.
(1) Step Subsidiary details of The Capital Markets Company LLC, HealthPlan Services, Inc., International TechneGroup Incorporated, Wipro NextGen Enterprise
Inc., Rizing Intermediate Holdings, Inc., The Capital Markets Company BV, Wipro Ampion Holdings Pty Ltd, Wipro Appirio, Inc., Wipro Designit Services, Inc., Wipro
do Brasil Technologia Ltda, Wipro Portugal S.A. and Harman Connected Services AB are as follows
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
The Capital Markets
Company, LLC
USA
Capco Consulting Services LLC(6)
USA
100.00%
USA
HealthPlan Services Insurance
Agency, LLC
USA
100.00%
International TechneGroup
Incorporated
USA
100.00%
Israel
100.00%
Italy
100.00%
Wipro NextGen Enterprise
USA
LeanSwift AB
Sweden
100.00%
Rizing Intermediate
Holdings, Inc.
USA
Sri Lanka
100.00%
Attune Netherlands B.V.(11)
Netherlands
100.00%
Canada
100.00%
Rizing LLC(9)
USA
100.00%
Netherlands
100.00%
Rizing Consulting Ireland
Ireland
100.00%
Australia
100.00%
Rizing Geospatial LLC
USA
100.00%
Rizing GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Rizing Pte Ltd.(11)
Singapore
100.00%
The Capital Markets
Company BV
Belgium
South Africa
100.00%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Capco Belgium BV
Belgium
100.00%
s.r.o
Slovakia
15.00%
Capco Consultancy (Thailand)
Thailand
0.04%
Capco Consultancy (Malaysia) Sdn.
Bhd
Malaysia
100.00%
Thailand
99.92%
Singapore
100.00%
Capco Greece Single Member P.C
Greece
100.00%
Poland
100.00%
The Capital Markets Company (UK)
100.00%
Capco Consultancy (Thailand)
Thailand
0.04%
Hong Kong
0.01%
GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Capco Austria GmbH
Austria
100.00%
Hong Kong
99.99%
Canada
100.00%
Capco Brasil Serviços E
Consultoria Ltda
Brazil
0.01%
The Capital Markets Company S.á.r.l
Switzerland
100.00%
Andrion AG
Switzerland
100.00%
The Capital Markets Company S.A.S
France
100.00%
The Capital Markets Company s.r.o
Slovakia
85.00%
Wipro Ampion
Holdings Pty Ltd
Australia
Australia
100.00%
Australia
100.00%
USA
Ireland
100.00%
Topcoder, LLC
USA
100.00%
Wipro Designit
Services, Inc.
USA
Ireland
100.00%
Wipro do Brasil
Technologia Ltda
Brazil
Wipro do Brasil Servicos Ltda
Brazil
100.00%
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas De
Informatica Ltda
Brazil
96.84%

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Portugal
Wipro do Brasil Technologia Ltda
Brazil
0.56%
Wipro Do Brasil Sistemas De
Informatica Ltda
Brazil
3.09%
Wipro Technologies GmbH
Germany
85.13%
Wipro Business Solutions
GmbH(11)
Germany
100.00%
Wipro IT Services Austria
GmbH
Austria
100.00%
Harman Connected Services
AB
Sweden
Harman Connected Services
Solutions (Chengdu) Co. Ltd.
China
100.00%
(11) Step Subsidiary details of Attune Netherlands B.V., Rizing Pte Ltd. and Wipro Business Solutions GmbH are as follows:
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries
Country of
Incorporation
Holding
Netherlands
Rizing Germany GmbH
Germany
100.00%
Attune Italia S.R.L
Italy
100.00%
Singapore
New Zealand
100.00%
Philippines
100.00%
Rizing SDN BHD
Malaysia
100.00%
Australia
100.00%
Wipro Business Solutions
GmbH
Germany
Wipro Technology Solutions S.R.L
Romania
100.00%
As at March 31, 2026, Wipro, LLC held 43.7% interest in Drivestream Inc., incorporated in the USA, and Wipro IT Services LLC held
27% interest in SDVerse LLC, incorporated in the USA, accounted for using the equity method.
Wipro Equity Reward Trust
India
Wipro Foundation
India
Vide the order dated June 06, 2025, the Hon ble National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru bench, approved the scheme of
amalgamation for the merger of wholly owned subsidiaries Wipro HR Services India Private Limited, Wipro Overseas IT Services
Private Limited, Wipro Technology Product Services Private Limited, Wipro Trademarks Holding Limited and Wipro VLSI Design

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Nature
Azim Premji Foundation
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji Foundation for Development
Entity controlled by Promoters
Hasham Traders
Entity controlled by Promoters
Prazim Traders
Entity controlled by Promoters
Zash Traders
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities Fund I
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities Fund II
Entity controlled by Promoters
Apex Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Private Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Investment Fund
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pl International Holdings LLC
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji Education Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Napean Opportunities LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Investment Advisory LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
WEPL Family Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Wipro Enterprises (P) Limited and its subsidiaries
Entity controlled by Promoters
Azim Premji University
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities Fund I Scheme II
Entity controlled by Promoters
PI Opportunities AIF V LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
Vidyaniti LLP
Entity controlled by Promoters
Pioneer Investment Fund Scheme II
Entity controlled by Promoters
Tariq Azim Premji Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Nature
Pioneer Independent Trust
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Entity controlled by Promoters
Joint Venture between Wipro Enterprises
(P) Limited and General Electric
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Promoters
Wipro Information Technology Limited Provident Fund Trust
Wipro Systems Provident Fund Trust
Wipro Limited Management Employees Pension Fund
Wipro Limited BPO Division Employees Superannuation Trust
Wipro Infotech Limited Management Employees Pension Fund
Wipro Limited Employees Superannuation Fund
Wipro Limited Employees Gratuity Fund
Wipro Limited BPO Division Employees Gratuity Trust

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Nature
Azim H. Premji
Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director
(designated as "Founder Chairman")(1)
Rishad A. Premji
Chairman of the Board (designated as
"Executive Chairman")
Srinivas Pallia
Chief Executive Officer and Managing
Director
Aparna C. Iyer
Chief Financial Officer
Päivi Rekonen
Independent Director
N. S. Kannan
Independent Director
Dr. Patrick J. Ennis
Independent Director(2)
Patrick Dupuis
Independent Director(2)
Laura Marie Miller
Independent Director(3)
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Independent Director
Tulsi Naidu
Independent Director
(2) Dr. Patrick J. Ennis and Mr. Patrick Dupuis retired from their positions as Independent Directors of the Company with effect from the close of business
hours on March 31, 2026.
(3) On March 5, 2026, the Board of Directors approved the appointment of Ms. Laura Marie Miller as an Additional Director in the capacity of Independent
Director for a term of five years, with effect from April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2031, subject to the approval of the Members of the Company. The
appointment was approved by the Members of the Company vide special resolution dated May 21, 2026, passed through postal ballot by e-voting.
Close members of Key Management Personnel
Yasmeen A. Premji
Tariq A. Premji
Aditi Mehta Premji
Avita Hazarika

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Entities controlled
Promoters
Key Management
Personnel
Associate / Joint
Venture
Other related
Transactions for the year ended March 31, 2024
C 559
C -
C -
C -
-
Dividend(1)
3,577
-
Buyback of shares(1)
81,093
5,028
-
Rental income
-
Rent paid
^
-
6,265
Others
-
Key management personnel(2)(3)
C -
C 1,321
C -
C -
Other benefits(5)
-
Balance as at March 31, 2024
Receivables
C 478
C -
C -
C -
Payables
-
Entities controlled
Promoters
Key Management
Personnel
Associate / Joint
Venture
Other related
Transactions for the year ended March 31, 2025
C 305
C -
C -
C -
-
Dividend(1)
42,923
2,780
-
Buyback of shares(1)
-
Rental income
-
Rent paid
-
6,517
Others
-
Key management personnel(2)(6)
C -
C 596
C -
C -
Other benefits(5)
-
Balance as at March 31, 2025
Receivables
C 255
C -
C -
C -
Payables
-

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS
Entities
Promoters
Key
Management
Personnel
Associate / Joint
Venture
Other related
Transactions for the year ended March 31, 2026
I 358
I -
I 7
I -
-
Items of property, plant and equipments
purchased
-
Dividend(1)
78,692
5,097
-
Rental income
-
Rent paid
-
Sale of investment
-
Advance paid to supplier
-
7,058
Contribution to Gratuity trust
-
5,220
Investment
-
Others
-
Key management personnel(2)
I -
I 505
I -
I -
Other benefits(5)
-
Balance as at March 31, 2026
Receivables
I 371
I -
I -
I -
Payables
-
(1) Includes relative of key management personnel.
(2) Post-employment benefits and other long-term benefits including compensated absences are not disclosed, as these are determined for the
Company as a whole based on actuarial valuation.
(3) Remuneration, short-term benefits and other benefits for Mr. Thierry Delaporte includes cash compensation in amount of I 415, cost of accelerated
vesting of I 310 towards unvested stock options and I 196 towards social security contributions.
(4) Remuneration and short-term benefits includes sitting fees and commission paid to non-executive directors, non-independent directors, and
independent directors.
(5) Other benefits include I 575, I 277, and I 267 as of March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively towards amortization of RSUs granted to key
management personnel, which vest over a period of time. This also includes RSU s that will vest based on performance parameters of the Company.
(6) Remuneration, short-term benefits and other benefits for Mr. Srinivas Pallia is for the period from April 7, 2024 to March 31, 2025.
During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Company allotted 231,642,592 equity shares to Key management personnel
and 3,576,894,608 equity shares to entities controlled by promoters on account of bonus issue.
All related party transactions were entered at an arm s length basis and in the ordinary course of business. There are no
materially significant related party transactions made by the Company with promoters, directors or key management
personnel, which may have a potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
32. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Capital commitments: As at March 31, 2025 and 2026, the Company had committed to spend approximately I 8,719
and I 9,416 respectively, under agreements to purchase/construct property and equipment. These amounts are net of
capital advances paid in respect of these purchases. Refer to Note 8 for uncalled capital commitments investment on
equity instruments.

Guarantees: As at March 31, 2025 and 2026, guarantees provided by banks on behalf of the Company to the Indian
Government, customers and certain other agencies amount to approximately I 13,110 and I 13,358 respectively, as part of
the bank line of credit.

Contingencies and lawsuits: The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims resulting from tax assessment orders/
penalty notices issued under the Income-tax Act, 1961, which have arisen in the ordinary course of its business. Some of the
claims involve complex issues and IT is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the expected financial effect, if any,
that will result from ultimate resolution of such proceedings. However, the resolution of these legal proceedings is not likely
to have a material and adverse effect on the results of operations or the financial position of the Company.

The Company s assessments in India are completed for the years up to March 31, 2022. The Company has received demands
on multiple tax issues. These claims are primarily arising out of denial of deduction under section 10A of the Income-tax Act,
1961 in respect of profit earned by the Company s undertaking in Software Technology Park in Bengaluru, the appeals filed
against the said demand before the appellate authorities have been allowed in favor of the Company by the second appellate
authority for the years up to March 31, 2008 which either has been or may be contested by the Income tax authorities before
the Hon ble Supreme Court of India. Other claims relate to disallowance of tax benefits on profits earned from Software
Technology Park and Special Economic Zone units, capitalization of research and development expenses, transfer pricing
adjustments on intercompany/inter unit transactions and other issues.

Income tax claims against the Company amounting to I 99,431 and I 104,613 are not acknowledged as debt as at March 31,
2025 and 2026, respectively. These matters are pending before various appellate authorities and the management expects
its position will likely be upheld on ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
position and results of operations.

The contingent liability in respect of disputed demands for excise duty, custom duty, sales tax and other matters amounting
to I 19,292 and I 20,733 as of March 31, 2025 and 2026, respectively. However, the resolution of these disputed demands
is not likely to have a material and adverse effect on the results of operations or the financial position of the Company.
33. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Company is now organized into the following operating segments: IT Services and IT Products.

IT Services: The IT Services segment primarily consists of IT services offerings to customers organized by four Strategic
Market Units ( SMUs ) - Americas 1, Americas 2, Europe and Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa ( APMEA ).

Americas 1 and Americas 2 are primarily organized by industry sector, while Europe and APMEA are organized by countries.

Americas 1 includes the entire business of Latin America ( LATAM ) and the following industry sectors in the United States
of America: Communication, Media and Networks, Technology Software and Gaming, Technology New Age, Health and
Consumer. Americas 2 includes the entire business in Canada and the following industry sectors in the United States of
America: Banking and Financial services, Energy, Manufacturing and Resources, Capital markets and Insurance and Hi-tech.
Europe consists of the United Kingdom and Ireland, Switzerland, Germany and Western Europe. APMEA consists of Australia
and New Zealand, Southeast Asia, Japan, India, the Middle East and Africa.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS

Revenue from each customer is attributed to the respective SMUs based on the location of the customer s primary
buying center of such services. With respect to certain strategic global customers, revenue may be generated from
multiple countries based on such customer s buying centers, but the total revenue related to these strategic global
customers are attributed to a single SMU based on the geographical location of key decision makers.

Our IT Services segment provides a range of AI-powered IT and IT-enabled services including AI advisory, industry
& functional consulting, AI native development, customer centric design, modernization, custom application
development, infrastructure services, cybersecurity services, data and analytics services, business process services,
research and development, and hardware and software design. Through AI-powered, consulting-led solutions, we
help our clients transform their businesses to drive better efficiencies and generate new growth opportunities.

IT Products: The Company is a value-added reseller of security, packaged and SaaS software for leading international
brands. In certain total outsourcing contracts of the IT Services segment, the Company delivers hardware, software
products and other related deliverables. Revenue relating to these items is reported as revenue from the sale of
IT Products.

The Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and managing director of the Company has been identified as the Chief
Operating Decision Maker as defined by IFRS 8, Operating Segments . The CEO evaluates the segments based on
their revenue growth and operating income.

Assets and liabilities used in the Company s business are not identified to any of the operating segments, as these
are used interchangeably between segments. Management believes that IT is currently not practicable to provide
segment disclosures relating to total assets and liabilities since a meaningful segregation of the available data
is onerous.

Information on reportable segments for the year ended March 31, 2024 is as follows:
IT Services
IT
Products
Reconciling
Items
Total
Americas 1
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Total
Revenue
C 268,230
C 269,482
C 253,927
C 102,177
C 893,816
C 4,127
C -
C 897,943
Segment result
59,364
59,163
33,354
12,619
164,500
(371)
(7,726)
156,403
Unallocated
(20,304)
-
(20,304)
K 144,196
K (371)
K (7,726)
K 136,099
Finance expense
(12,552)
Finance and other
23,896
Share of net profit/
(loss) of associate
accounted for using
(233)
K 147,210
(36,089)
K 111,121
Depreciation,
amortization and
C 34,071

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Information on reportable segments for the year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:
IT Services
IT
Products
Reconciling
Items
Total
Americas 1
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Total
Revenue
C 281,824
C 271,972
C 240,077
C 94,351
C 888,224
C 2,692
C -
C 890,916
Segment result
58,186
61,326
29,434
12,850
161,796
(173)
(195)
161,428
Unallocated
(10,157)
-
(10,157)
K 151,639
K (173)
K (195)
K 151,271
Finance expense
(14,770)
38,202
Share of net profit/(loss) of
accounted for using the
K 174,957
(42,777)
K 132,180
Depreciation, amortization
and impairment
C 29,579

Information on reportable segments for the year ended March 31, 2026 is as follows:
IT Services
IT
Products
Reconciling
Items
Total
Americas 1
Americas 2
Europe
APMEA
Total
Revenue
I 305,571
I 269,077
I 244,165
I 102,340
I 921,153
I 6,940
I -
I 928,093
Segment result
62,896
53,138
31,083
14,955
162,072
(7,954)
154,677
Unallocated
(3,426)
-
(3,426)
K 158,646
K 559
K (7,954)
K 151,251
Finance expense
(14,577)
36,491
Share of net profit/(loss) of
accounted for using the
K 173,422
(40,767)
K 132,655
Depreciation, amortization
and impairment
I 29,107

Revenues from India, being the Company s country of domicile, were I 23,484, I 20,699 and I 23,446 for years ended
March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS UNDER IFRS

Revenues from the United States of America and United Kingdom contributed more than 10% of Company s total
revenues as per table below:
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
United States of America
C 512,740
C 529,943
I 553,186
United Kingdom
108,613
95,241
97,041
K 621,353
K 625,184
K 650,227

No customer individually accounted for more than 10% of the revenues during the years ended March 31, 2024,
2025 and 2026.

Management believes that IT is currently not practicable to provide disclosure of geographical location wise assets,
since the meaningful segregation of the available information is onerous.

Notes

Reconciling Items includes elimination of inter-segment transactions and other corporate activities.

Revenue from sale of Company owned intellectual properties is reported as part of IT Services revenues.

For the purpose of segment reporting, the Company has included the impact of foreign exchange gains/
(losses), net in revenues, which is reported as a part of operating profit in the consolidated statement of income,
amounting to I 340, I 32 and I 1,853 for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively.

Restructuring cost of I 6,814, I Nil and I 5,139 is included under Reconciling items for the years ended March
31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively.

Reconciling Items for the year ended March 31, 2024, includes employee costs of I 921 towards outgoing CEO
and managing director.

Impact of past service cost on gratuity and remeasurement of leave encashment due to implementation of new
labour code amounting to I 2,756 for the year ended March 31, 2026, is included under Reconciling items.

Unallocated within IT Services segment includes:
Year ended
March 31, 2024
Year ended
March 31, 2025
Year ended
March 31, 2026
Amortization and impairment expenses on intangible
assets (Refer to Note 6)
C 11,756
C 7,909
I 7,787
Change in fair value of contingent consideration
(Refer to Note 19)
(1,300)
(169)

Segment results of IT Services segment for the year ended March 31, 2024 are after considering additional
amortization due to change in estimate of useful life of the customer-related intangibles in an earlier
business combination.

Segment results of IT Services segment are after recognition of share-based compensation expense I 5,590,
I 5,542 and I 4,465 for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively.

Segment results of IT Services segment are after recognition of (gain)/loss on sale of property, plant and
equipment of, I (2,072), I (606) and I (393) for the years ended March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively.

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
34. On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified four labour codes (the Labour Codes ), effective immediately,
replacing the existing 29 labour laws. In accordance with IAS 19, employee benefits and changes to employee benefit plans
arising from legislative amendments are treated as plan amendments, requiring immediate recognition of past service cost
in the Statement of Income. This approach is consistent with the guidance issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India.

The Company has concluded the salary restructuring exercise in compliance with the Labour Codes. The implementation
of the Labour Codes has resulted in a net increase of I 2,756 in the provision for gratuity and remeasurement of leave
encashment, which has been recognized as employee benefit expense in the current year. The Company continues to
monitor the finalization of Central and State Rules, as well as Government clarifications on other aspects of the Labour Codes.
35. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

The Company completed its acquisition of Mindsprint, Olam Group s IT services arm, a provider of technology and
digital transformation services in May 2026 for a total consideration of U.S.$ 375 million.

On April 14, 2026, the Company signed a definitive agreement to acquire select customer contracts of Alpha Net
Consulting, a provider of enterprise software development, data engineering, and managed services for a total
consideration (including earnouts) of U.S.$ 70.8 million. The acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions and
is expected to be concluded by quarter ending June 30, 2026.

On April 16, 2026, the Company s Board of Directors approved a proposal to buyback of equity shares, subject to the
approval of shareholders, for purchase by the Company of up to 600,000,000 equity shares of I 2 (U.S.$ 0.02*) each
(being 5.7% of total number of equity shares) from the shareholders of the Company on a proportionate basis by way
of a tender offer at a price of I 250 (U.S.$ 2.71*) per equity share for an aggregate amount not exceeding I 150,000
(U.S.$ 1,626*), in accordance with the provisions contained in the SEBI (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as
amended and the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder. This proposal was approved by the shareholders
of the Company by way of a special resolution dated May 21, 2026, passed through postal ballot by e-voting.

*Based on the certified foreign exchange rates published by the Federal Reserve Board of Governors on April 8, 2026, which was I 92.25 per U.S.$ 1.

On June 1, 2026, the Company acquired additional 20% equity interest in Aggne Global Inc. for a consideration of
U.S. $ 28.5 million.
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Rishad A. Premji
Deepak M. Satwalekar
Srinivas Pallia
Chartered Accountants
Chairman
Director
Chief Executive Officer
Firm's Registration No: 117366W/W - 100018
(DIN: 02983899)
(DIN: 00009627)
and Managing Director
(DIN: 10574442)
Anand Subramanian
Aparna C. Iyer
M. Sanaulla Khan
Partner
Chief Financial Officer
Company Secretary
Membership No.: 110815
Membership No.: F4129
Bengaluru
June 2, 2026

Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Report 2025-26
WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Section A: General Disclosures
Details of the Listed Entity
1.
Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity

L32102KA1945PLC020800
2.
Name of the Listed Entity

Wipro Limited
3.
Date of Incorporation

December 29, 1945
4.
Registered office address

Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru-560035, Karnataka, India
5.
Corporate address

Doddakannelli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru-560035, Karnataka, India
6.
E-mail

eco.eye@wipro.com
7.
Telephone

+91-80-28440011
8.
Website

https://www.wipro.com
9.
Financial year for which reporting is being done
Financial Year
Start date
End date
Current Financial Year
April 1, 2025
March 31, 2026
Previous Financial Year
April 1, 2024
March 31, 2025
10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed
Name of stock exchange
Description of other
stock exchange
Name of the Country
BSE Limited (BSE)
-
India
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
(NSE)
-
India
Others
New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE)
USA

11. Paid-up Capital

The paid-up equity share capital of the Company as of March 31, 2026, stood at ₹ 20,977 Million consisting of 10,488,412,458
equity shares of ₹ 2 each.
12. Name and contact details of the person who may be contacted in case of any queries on the BRSR report

Name of the contact person for BRSR queries

Narayan PS, Global Head - Sustainability and Social Initiatives

Contact number of the person for BRSR queries

+91-80-46827999

c.
Email address of the person for BRSR queries

narayan.pan@wipro.com
13. Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report made on a standalone basis (i.e. only for
the entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e. for the entity and all the entities which form a part of its
consolidated financial statements, taken, together)?

The disclosures under this Report are made on a consolidated basis unless otherwise stated, excluding the Harman DTS
group, which was recently acquired during the year.
14. Name of assessment or assurance provider

Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
15. Type of assessment or assurance obtained

BRSR Core- Reasonable assurance and for selected BRSR Comprehensive KPIs - Limited assurance.
II. Products/Services
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the Turnover):
Description of Main Activity
Description of Business Activity
% of Turnover
Wipro Limited is a leading information technology
services and consulting Company focused on
building innovative solutions that address clients
most complex digital transformation needs.
Leveraging our holistic portfolio of capabilities in
consulting, design, engineering, and operations,
we help clients realize their boldest ambitions and
build future ready, sustainable businesses.
Our IT Services segment provides a range of IT and
IT enabled services which include digital strategy
advisory,
customer-centric
design,
consulting,
custom
design,
development,
re-
engineering and maintenance, systems integration,
package
implementation,
global
infrastructure
services,
analytics
services,
business
process
services, research and development and hardware
and software design to leading enterprises worldwide.
99.3%

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
17. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
Product/Service sold by the entity
NIC code of product or
service sold by the entity
% of total Turnover
contributed
The Company s IT and IT-enabled services including, technology
consulting, IT consulting, business process services, among others,
are the predominant services which accounts for more than 90% of the
entity s turnover.
62013, 62020
99.3%
III. Operations
18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Location
Number of plants
Number of offices
Total
National
International
19. Markets served by the entity:
Number of Locations
Location
Number
National (No. of States and Union Territories)
28. States and 8 Union Territories
International (No. of Countries)
What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?

97.5% contribution from exports.
A brief on types of customers

Our customers are from a range of diversified industry sectors from across the globe; we also work with the
government sector in certain markets.

IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of Financial Year:
Employees and Workers* (including differently abled):
Particulars
Total (A)
Male
Female
Others
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
No. (H)
% (H/A)
EMPLOYEES
Permanent (D)
236,322
146,836
62.13
89,354
37.81
0.06
Other than permanent (E)
10,668
7,846
73.55
2,769
25.96
0.50
Total employees (D + E)
246,990
154,682
62.63
92,123
37.30
0.07

*With the Labour Codes effective from November 21, 2025, a subset of the workforce may qualify as workers under the applicable regulations. The
Company has considered the relevant provisions in financial statements and is implementing appropriate systems and processes to identify such personnel
and ensure compliance. For the current reporting year, all personnel have been classified as employees and, accordingly, no workforce has been disclosed
under the workers category.

Above disclosure includes CAPCO entities.
Differently abled Employees and Workers
Particulars
Total (A)
Male
Female
Others
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
No. (H)
% (H/A)
DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES
Permanent (D)
2,535
1,520
59.96
1,015
40.04
-
Other than Permanent (E)
-
Total differently abled employees (D + E)
2,537
1,522
59.99
1,015
40.04
-
21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Particulars
Total (A)
No. and percentage of Females
No. (B)
% (B/A)
Board of Directors
22.22%
Key Management Personnel*
33.33%

* Includes Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary.
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers

(Disclose trends for the past 3 years):
Particulars
FY 2025-26 (%)
(Turnover rate in current FY)
FY 2024-25 (%)
(Turnover rate in previous FY)
FY 2023-24 (%)
(Turnover rate in the year prior to
the previous FY)
Male
Female
Others
Total
Male
Female
Others
Total
Male
Female
Others
Total
Permanent
Employees
14.36
13.54
5.13
14.09
15.43
13.52
15.38
14.81
14.50
12.83
8.33
13.95

Notes

1. Voluntary attrition of IT Services team has only been considered for reporting under this clause.

2. Entire workforce categorized as 'Employees' and none as 'Workers'.

3. This number does not include acquired businesses.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (Including Joint Ventures)
23. Names of Holding/Subsidiary/Associate Companies/Joint Ventures

Refer to Form AOC-1 provided at page 409 to 415 of this Annual Report for information on Holding/ Subsidiaries/
Associate Company/Joint Venture.
VI. CSR Details
24. CSR Details
1.
Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: (Yes/No)
Yes
2.
Turnover (₹ in Million)
713,451
3.
Net worth (₹ in Million)
639,839
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines
on Responsible Business Conduct
Stakeholder group
from
whom complaint is
received
Grievance
redressal
mechanism
in place
(Yes / No)
If Yes, then provide
web-link for grievance
redressal policy
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Number of
complaints
filed during
Number of
complaints pending
resolution at close
Number of
complaints
filed during
Number of
complaints pending
resolution at close
Communities
Yes
Ombuds Policy
Investors (other than
shareholders)
Yes
Charter of
Investor Grievance
Committee
Shareholders
Yes
Charter of
Investor Grievance
Committee
Employees and
workers
Yes
Ombuds Policy
Customers
Yes
Ombuds Policy
Value Chain Partners
Yes
Ombuds Policy,
Sustainable
Procurement Policy
Other
(Ex-Employees,
External Person)
Yes
Ombuds Policy

26. Overview of the entity's material responsible business conduct issues

Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social
matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate
the risk along-with its financial implications, as per the following format:
Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate
Financial
(Indicate positive
Ethical
governance and
Transparency
R
Emerging requirements from investors,
raters and regulators on ambitious
ESG requirements and transparency
thereof. The risk is reputational in
case of instances of non-compliance
with regulations or sectoral norms.
In addition, Wipro has always had a
strong bedrock of ethical values and
governance.
Part of the formal ESG governance
process that incorporates this risk
as part of Wipro's Enterprise Risk
Management system and is integrated at
the leadership and board level.
Negative
Implications
Future Ready
Workforce
R
Highly motivated and skilled resources
are a backbone of the organization.
Effective
efficient
people
management helps business gain a
competitive advantage. A risk that
could arise is if organizations fail to hire
and manage resources appropriately.
We have built a wide portfolio of offerings
through Virtual Instructor Led Trainings
("VILTs"), self-paced modules, virtual
learning
journeys,
social
learning,
gamified interventions and e-summits
to cater to various learning needs. In
addition, we provide resources for all
our employees to undergo AI Level 1 and
Level 2 certification.
Negative
Implications
Future Ready
Workforce
O
Proactively investing in upskilling and
reskilling the employees presents a
significant opportunity to enhance
competitive advantage in the market
and solidify our position as a leading
technology service provider as well
as adjust to dynamic technological
shifts. Our focus on AI training ensures
that employees are ready for the AI-
powered world.
1.
Wipro provides an opportunity to its
employees to reskill themselves for
open client demands.
2.
Wipro
delivers
leadership
skill
programs
every
stage
employee's career life cycle.
Positive
Implications
Data
Privacy and
Cybersecurity
R
According to a report released by
Check Point Research, there has been
a notable increase in the average
number of cyber attacks globally, with
an average of 2000+ weekly attacks
per organization.
1.
Controls put in place to identify and
disable inactive devices.
2.
Effective
security
controls
implemented to detect, prevent and
remediate threats.
3.
Program to continuously monitor
the effectiveness of the controls and
sustain the security controls.
Negative
Implications

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
In case of risk, approach to adapt or
mitigate
Financial
(Indicate positive
Data
Privacy and
Cybersecurity
O
Providing a secure, resilient and
reliable
Technology
landscape
within
organization
protecting
confidentiality,
integrity, availability of systems/
data and risks arising on account of
proliferation of devices due to wider
adoption of digital technologies
and increase in remote working.
Wipro's Consulting practice helps
organizations build their digital risk
and cybersecurity strategy and a
cyber-defence assurance function.
1.
Focus
continuous
improvement of the efficacy of
the security controls with the
adoption of new processes and
latest technology solutions.
2.
Wipro
abides
by
various
international laws that protect
data privacy rights such as
General
Data
Protection
Regulation
(EU),
Personal
Information
Protection
Electronic
Documents
Act
(Canada) and others.
3.
Privacy Impact Assessments
("PIAs") completed on 850+
applications used in Wipro
as part of GDPR Compliance
program
Wipro's
commitment
100%
PIA
efficacy.
4.
Workforce of specialists in
cybersecurity and data privacy
expertise
industry
leading solutions.
Positive
Implications
Environmental
Stewardship
and Climate
Action
R
Environmental strategy and actions
of an organization are under careful
scrutiny of conscious investors as
well as an area of interest for clients
for forging strategic partnerships.
A low sustainability quotient can
potentially impact the realization of
new and augmented revenue lines
resulting in negative financial and
reputational impacts.
1.
Wipro
is
committed
achieving
Net-Zero
GHG
emissions by 2040 and is part
of leading industry networks
working on the subject like
Transform to Net Zero, WEF
and Open Footprint.
2.
Wipro has put in place a
rigorous carbon accounting
program
over the past two decades.
Negative
Implications
Environmental
Stewardship
and Climate
Action
O
Industry leading solutions in Net
Zero solutions and environmental
impact
tracking
are
emerging
opportunity areas of high potential.
1.
Wipro supports the evolution
of its clients and partners
towards Green IT operations
by modernizing operations in
energy transition.
2.
Wipro engages with clients
across their value-chains to
enable sustainable operations
product-service
capabilities through business
value-chain transformation.
Positive
Implications

Material issue
Indicate
(R/O)
In case of risk, approach to adapt or mitigate
Financial
(Indicate positive
Customer
Centricity
O
Our strategy supports value creation
for our clients and accelerates growth
by focusing on strategic markets
and sectors through a wide range of
digital transformation solutions. Five
strategic priorities: accelerate growth,
strengthen clients and partnerships,
lead with business solutions, building
talent
scale
operational
excellence.
We have a significant focus on building
strategic
long-term
relationships
with customers, solving for complex
business problems, driving mergers and
acquisitions, and orchestrating business
value to our clients by leveraging human
and intellectual capital by investing in
our people and through an ecosystem of
partners.
Positive
Implications
Customer
Centricity
R
The risk of not executing our strategy
will impact our key financial metrics of
growth, market share and profitability.
We measure our CSAT and NPS scores to
keep track of customer satisfaction.
Negative
Implications
Innovation and
Emerging Tech
R
Our capability to invent new technology
solutions while keeping pace with
rapidly
changing
Technology
service offering needs of clients.
Failure to do so will result in loss of
client and revenue.
To remain competitive in new areas,
we are making strategic investment to
build unmatched capabilities in new
technologies, through reskilling, strategic
hiring, research work and IP creation by
leveraging deep understanding of client
needs across specific domains.
Negative
Implications
Innovation and
Emerging Tech
O
-
Wipro has been investing in research and
development to leverage technologies
such as AI/ML, AR/ VR, Blockchain, IoT,
Robotics, 5G and cloud, to bring out
cutting-edge innovations for clients
Positive
Implications
Community
Impact
O
Community engagement in the areas
of education, primary health, disaster
response has been an integral part of
our approach for over two decades.
Through a range of programs (grants
and programmatic interventions) we
work with 230+ partners across India on
school education, water and health and
run the largest environmental education
program of its kind in the country. Our
collective positive impacts touch over 2
million people.
Positive
Implications
Responsible
Supply Chain
R
Identification
strategic
collaboration with suppliers / partners
who provide key products and services
can lead to contractual, legal and
business continuity risks in case of a
breach.
1.
Electronic Product Environmental
Assessment Tool ("EPEAT") - aligned
responsible sourcing of IT hardware.
2.
Wipro's green building program for
resource procurement that meets
stringent environmental criteria -
both at the construction and at the
operational stages.
3.
Renewable energy sourcing from RE
generators.
4.
We have implemented a third party
risk management framework for
supplier onboarding, under which
suppliers are assessed across six
risk towers, including environmental
and human rights aspects.
Negative
Implications

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
SECTION B. MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards
adopting the NGRBC principles and Core Elements.
These are briefly as follows:
P1
Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity in a manner that is ethical, transparent and accountable.
P2
Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe.
P3
Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains.
P4
Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive towards all its stakeholders.
P5
Businesses should respect and promote human rights.
P6
Businesses should respect, protect and make efforts to restore the environment.
P7
Businesses when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible and
transparent.
P8
Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development.
P9
Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner.
Disclosure
Questions
Whether your
entity's policy/
policies cover
each principle
and its core
elements of
the NGRBCs?
(Yes/No)
Has the
policy been
approved by
the Board?
(Yes/No)
Web Link of the Policies, if available
Whether the
entity has
translated
the policy into
procedures?
(Yes/No)
Do the
enlisted
policies
extend to your
value chain
partners?
(Yes/No)
Policy and management processes
Principle 1
Yes
Yes
1.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy
2.
Ombuds Policy
Yes
Yes
Principle 2
Yes
Yes
Ecological Sustainability Policy
Yes
Yes
Principle 3
Yes
Yes
1.
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy
2.
Health & Safety Policy
3.
Remuneration Policy
4.
Global Policy on Inclusion & Diversity
5.
Global Policy for Equal Employment Opportunity
Yes
Yes
Principle 4
Yes
Yes
1.
Supplier Code of Conduct
2.
Modern Slavery Statement
3.
Global Policy for Equal Employment Opportunity
4.
Global Policy on Inclusion & Diversity
5.
Global Policy on Prevention of LGBTQ+ Discrimination
Yes
Yes
Principle 5
Yes
Yes
1.
Supplier Code of Conduct
2.
Modern Slavery Statement
3.
Global Policy on Prevention of Sexual Harassment
4.
Global Policy for Equal Employment Opportunity
Yes
Yes
Principle 6
Yes
Yes
Ecological Sustainability Policy
Energy Policy
Yes
Yes
Principle 7
Yes
Yes
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy
Yes
Yes
Principle 8
Yes
Yes
Wipro s CSR Policy
Yes
Yes
Principle 9
Yes
Yes
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy
Yes
Yes

Disclosure
Questions
(e.g. Forest Stewardship Council,
Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance,
Trustea) standards (e.g. SA 8000,
OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted by
your entity and mapped to each
principle.
set by the entity with defined timelines, if
any.
Policy and management processes
Principle 1
Global
Reporting
Initiative,
OECD, and Country-wise guides
to relevant anti-corruption laws
1.
Wipro to lead in ESG governance
through:

a consistent structure of goals,
KPIs and reviews by the board
and leadership.

formal assessment of ESG
risks into Wipro's Enterprise
Risk Management system.

rigorous
transparent
ESG disclosures to investors,
customers, and in the public
domain.
2.
100% of employees to complete
training
Wipro's
Code
Business Conduct every year.
3.
100% of all suppliers adhere to
Wipro's code of supplier conduct.
1.
We continue to maintain leadership
in ESG ratings from investors and
raters like CDP, Ecovadis and Dow
Jones Sustainability Index (S&P
Global CSA).
2.
85% of employees have completed
the annual training and certification
in the Code of Business Conduct.
3.
All suppliers are covered under
supplier
code
conduct
requirements.
Principle 2
ISO 9001:2015, ISO 20000:2018,
ISO
27001:2013,
ISO
22301:2019, ISO 45001:2018,
Global Reporting Initiative and
Integrated Reporting
Reduce overall environmental footprint and improve social impact of our customer
delivery operations (linked to goals P3, P4, P5, P6).
Principle 3
United
Nations
Universal
Declaration of Human Rights
and the International Labour
Organization's
Declaration
Fundamental
Principles
Rights
Work
("ILO
Declaration")
1.
Adopt a holistic lifecycle approach
that emphasizes employee safety,
physical health and mental well-
being.
2.
Attract and retain talent by building
"a great place to belong" ecosystem.
3.
Increase gender representation at
an overall and leadership level.
1.
Availability of monthly programmes
focused on employees physical and
emotional well-being, along with
access
Employee
Assistance
Programme (EAP) services
2.
Gender Diversity: 37.7% (core)
3.
Gender Diversity at leadership level
(D2-E): 18.1%
4.
Proportion of female directors on
the Board (as of March 31, 2026):
22.22%
Principle 4
Global
Reporting
Initiative,
Integrated
Reporting
Sustainability
Accounting
Standards Board
We strive to provide value to each of our
stakeholders. Our primary stakeholders
are customers, employees, communities,
suppliers, government and investors.
We systematically engage with our
stakeholders
different
relevant
topics. This is outlined in detail in our
Stakeholder Engagement section in the
Conducted
engagement
materiality
assessment in FY23. Initiated Double
Materiality Assessment in FY25; Revised
and reprioritized list of material topics
as per ESRS.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Disclosure
Questions
(e.g. Forest Stewardship
Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest
Alliance, Trustea) standards
(e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS)
adopted by your entity and
mapped to each principle.
Specific commitments, goals and
targets set by the entity with defined
timelines, if any.
Principle 5
International
Labour
Organization
("ILO")
Declaration,
Universal
Declaration of Human Rights
("UNDHR"),
UN
Guiding
Principles
Business
&
Human
Rights,
United
Nations
Global
Compact
("UNGC"), Global Reporting
Initiative
Integrated
Reporting
Fair and unrestricted access to
Wipro's Ombuds process for all
employees, contract staff, customers
and suppliers; 100% of all logged
grievances to be responded to and
closed within 6 months.
-
Principle 6
ISO 14001:2015, ISO 14064,
Leadership
Energy
&
Environmental
Design
("LEED"), Global Reporting
Initiative
Integrated
Reporting
1.
To
achieve
Net Zero
GHG
emissions for Scope 1, 2 and 3
by 2040.
2.
100% RE for all owned facilities
by 2030.
3.
Reduce emissions by 59% for
Scopes 1, 2 by 2030 on 2017
baseline and 55% reduction for
Scope 3 on 2020 baseline by
2030.
4.
To increase the utilization of
treated water to constitute 45%
of total water use by 2030.
5.
To
reduce
absolute
consumption
freshwater
year-on-year by 3% in all
operationally
controlled
facilities.
6.
Zero discharge of untreated
wastewater.
1.
Our accelerated RE transition on
energy efficiency has enabled
significant reduction in Scope 2.
2.
We are currently sourcing 94% of
electricity via renewables.
3.
Achieved
92%
reduction
Scope 1 & 2 Emissions and 65%
reduction in Scope 3 emissions
from the set baselines.
4.
We are procuring treated water
from BWSSB to reduce our
dependence on freshwater.
5.
Treated
reused
water
forms 34% of our total water
consumption.
Principle 7
Global
Reporting
Initiative
and Integrated Reporting
No
specific
goals.
Please
see
engagements and positions in this
area.
-

Disclosure
Questions
(e.g. Forest Stewardship Council,
Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance,
Trustea) standards (e.g. SA 8000,
OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted by
your entity and mapped to each
principle.
set by the entity with defined timelines, if
any.
Principle 8
Global Reporting Initiative and
Integrated Reporting
Strengthening access to quality
school education:

Efforts focus on improving access
quality
school
education
infrastructure,
teaching
and learning practices, and school
leadership, with a focus on gender,
inclusion, environment, and STEM.
Children with disabilities remain a
key focus area.
Building capabilities for emerging
technologies:

Efforts focus on enabling college
students and faculty to engage
with emerging digital technologies
through training and capability
building.
Supporting
primary
healthcare
access:

The work contributes to access
to affordable and comprehensive
primary healthcare services across
communities,
including
support
for young children and expectant
mothers.
Our work in inclusion has been recognized
through multiple I&D awards. Primary
healthcare initiatives have engaged with
nearly 1 Million women in the reproductive
age group and 1.7 Million infants and
children. In education, partnerships have
supported learning for ~2.89 Million
children, including 148,467 children with
disabilities.
Across
programs,
digital
skilling
initiatives have supported ~367,058
learners and ~4,635 faculty members,
strengthening institutional readiness
and employability.
Principle 9
Integrated Reporting
Maintain globally accepted standards
of cybersecurity & data privacy through
effective implementation of information
security management system to sustain
and continuously improve cybersecurity
& privacy maturity.
We continue to rigorously track our
processes and impacts in these areas.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Governance, leadership and oversight
Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG
related challenges, targets and achievements.

Refer to CHAIRMAN S LETTER TO STAKEHOLDERS at page 36 of this report.
Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business
Responsibility policy(ies).

Narayan PS, Global Head - Sustainability and Social Initiatives
Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision
making on sustainability related issues? (Yes / No)

Yes
If yes, provide details.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee (which also acts as Corporate Social Responsibility Committee)
Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Disclosure
Question
Performance
against above
policies and follow
up action. Indicate
whether review
was undertaken by
Director / Committee
of the Board/Any
other Committee.
Performance against
above policies and
follow up action.
Frequency (Annually/
Half yearly/ Quarterly/
Any other - please
specify).
Compliance with statutory
requirements of relevance
to the principles and
rectification of any non-
compliances. Indicate
whether review was
undertaken by Director /
Committee of the Board/
Any other Committee
Compliance with
statutory requirements
of relevance to the
principles, and,
rectification of any non-
compliances. Frequency
(Annually/ Half yearly/
Quarterly/ Any other -
please specify).
Has the entity
carried out
assessment/
evaluation of the
working of its
policies by an
external agency?
(Yes/No)
Principle 1
Committee of the
Board
Quarterly
Committee of the Board
Annually
No
Principle 2
Quarterly
Principle 3
Quarterly
Principle 4
Annually
Principle 5
Annually
Principle 6
Quarterly
Principle 7
Quarterly
Principle 8
Quarterly
Principle 9
Annually

SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
PRINCIPLE 1 - BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH
INTEGRITY, AND IN A MANNER THAT IS ETHICAL, TRANSPARENT AND ACCOUNTABLE
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1.
Percentage coverage by training and awareness programs on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Segment
Total number of training and
awareness programmes held
Topics / principles covered under
the training and its impact
% of persons in respective
category covered by the awareness
programmes
Board Of Directors
Refer to Familiarization Programs imparted to Directors available on our website.
Key Managerial Personnel
Coverage of the Code of Business Conduct ( COBC ) Training overall (across all employee categories
including contract) is 85%. The COBC training covers Ombuds.
Employees other than BoD
and KMPs
2.
Details of fines /penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the
entity or by Directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial year, in
the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity's website):

Not Applicable
3.
Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or
non-monetary action has been appealed.

Not Applicable
4.
Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy?

The Company has a COBC which covers anti-corruption and anti-bribery. COBC provides the ethical guidelines and
expectations for conducting business on behalf of Wipro Limited, its subsidiaries and affiliate companies. IT applies to all
employees and members of the Board of Directors of the Company. IT also applies to individuals who serve the Company on
contract, subcontract, retainer, consultant, or any other such basis.

Provide a web-link if the entity has anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy.

Wipro's Code of Business Conduct
5.
Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement
agency for the charges for bribery/corruption:

NIL
6.
Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:

Not Applicable

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
7.
Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by
regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.

Not Applicable
8.
Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Number of days of accounts payables

* Cost of goods and services procured considered for above disclosure, excludes CAPEX.
9.
Open-ness of business

Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties
along-with loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
Particulars
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Concentration of Purchases*
Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases
3.21%
2.80%
Number of trading houses where purchases are made from
Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total purchases from trading
houses
60.89%
65%
Concentration of Sales**
Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales
NA
NA
Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are made
NA
NA
Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total sales to dealer / distributors
NA
NA
Share of RPTs in
Purchases (Purchases with related parties as % of Total Purchases)
0.15%
0.30%
Sales (Sales to related parties as % of Total Sales)
0.06%
0.03%
Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related parties as % of Total
loans & advances)
Investments (Investments in related parties as % of Total Investments made)

* Based on guidance set out in the SEBI Master Circular dated January 30, 2026, we have identified trading houses in the Hardware division
within the Engineering, Research and Development Department.

** Not Applicable due to nature of business.

LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1.
Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Total number of awareness
programs held
Topics / principles covered under the training
%age of value chain partners covered (by value
of business done with such partners) under the
awareness programmes
10+
Environment Health and Safety ( EHS ) and related
2.
Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? (Yes/No)
If Yes, provide details of the same.

Yes. The Company receives from the members of the Board, a list of entities in which they are interested, at the beginning
of every financial year and as and when there is any change in such interest.
PRINCIPLE 2 - BUSINESSES SHOULD PROVIDE GOODS AND SERVICES IN A MANNER
THAT IS SUSTAINABLE AND SAFE
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1.
Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental
and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts
R&D
62%
33.15%
Wipro Innovation Network, including Wipro Intelligence TM
Capex
12%
15%
Investment in Green Infrastructure
2.
Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)

Yes. As an IT services organization, direct traceability of input materials to final outputs is often not applicable. However,
we follow green procurement guidelines across key areas - such as renewable energy for operations, safe cleaning
and gardening supplies, eco-friendly civil and infrastructure materials, and environmentally compliant IT products, with
equipment procured based on stringent EPEAT-certified criteria.

If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?

As an IT Service Company, our inputs are predominantly intellectual capital and digital solutions, also IT is difficult to
track and trace the entire supply chain making percentage of input sourced sustainably less feasible and challenging.
However, we align our hardware purchases with EPEAT Standards.
3.
Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for

Plastics (including packaging)

Most of our plastic waste (including packaging) is recycled.

E-waste

All our E-waste is currently recycled by approved vendors. Before recycling, all assets mandatorily undergo data
sanitization and destruction process safeguarding information and data security.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

Hazardous waste

Biomedical and hazardous waste is incinerated as per approved methods. This waste is managed in strict
compliance with Hazardous Waste Management Rules, 2016, utilizing specialized vendors for its safe treatment
and disposal.

Other waste

All our organic waste is managed through both on-site and off-site composting; most of the inorganic waste is
directed to appropriate recycling partners to be repurposed.
4.
Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity s activities? (Yes/No)

No
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1.
Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing
industry) or for its services (for service industry)?

LCA is not applicable to Wipro, given that the Company is not engaged in the product manufacturing segment.
2.
If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of
your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other
means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.

LCA is not applicable to Wipro, given that the Company is not engaged in the product manufacturing segment.
However, we conduct a Natural Capital Valuation Program, which is a rigorous framework that assesses and quantifies
positive and negative impacts on nature or natural capital on account of a Company's operations and value chain.
Natural Capital Impacts are calculated across six Key Performance Indicators ("KPIs") namely, GHG emissions, air
pollution, water consumption, water and land pollution, waste generation and land use change.
3.
Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for
manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry).

Not Applicable
4.
Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused,
recycled, and safely disposed.

Not Applicable
5.
Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as a percentage of products sold) for each product category.

Not Applicable

PRINCIPLE 3 - BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE THE WELL-BEING OF ALL
EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING THOSE IN THEIR VALUE CHAINS
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1.
Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
Particulars
Total (A)
Health insurance
Accident insurance
Maternity benefits
Paternity Benefits
Day Care facilities
Number(B)
%(B/A)
Number(C)
%(C/A)
Number(D)
%(D/A)
Number(E)
%(E/A)
Number(F)
%(F/A)
Permanent employees*
Male
119,784
100.00
119,784
100.00
0.00
119,784
100.00
119,784
100.00
Female
70,259
100.00
70,259
100.00
70,259
100.00
0.00
70,259
100.00
0.00
100.00
Total
190,064
100.00
190,064
100.00
70,259
36.97
119,784
63.02
190,064
100.00

* India permanent employees considered

Details of measures for the well-being workers:

Not Applicable; as the entire workforce is categorized as Employees and none as Workers .

Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than
permanent) in the following format-
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Cost incurred on wellbeing measures as a % of total revenue of the Company
1.60%
1.00%

Notes

1. The employee well-being expenditure disclosed above has been determined in a manner aligned with the guidance set out in the SEBI Master Circular
dated January 30, 2026, and the clarifications provided in the Industry Standards Note on Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) Core.
The expenditure includes expenses incurred towards life insurance, personal accident insurance, medical reimbursements, employee welfare initiatives,
and paid leave provided to support employees' mental well-being.

2. Employee benefits are considered for all geographies.

3. Apart from what is reported, the Company incurs various other well-being expenditures for employees, such as other paid leaves beyond statutory
requirements, training expenses, and other welfare initiatives.
2.
Details of retirement benefits:
Particulars
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Number of
employees
covered as % of
total employees
Number of
workers covered
as % of total
workers
Deducted and
deposited with
the authority
(Yes/No/NA)
Number of
employees
covered as % of
total employees
Number of
workers covered
as % of total
worker
Deducted and
deposited with
the authority
(Yes/No/NA)
Provident Fund (PF)
-
Yes
-
Yes
Gratuity
-
NA
-
NA
Employee State Insurance (ESI)
19.63
-
Yes
16.5
-
Yes

Notes

1. Indian employees are considered for the above disclosure.

2. The Company has a PF trust by the name "Wipro PF Trust", for its employees.

3. No Deduction is done for Gratuity, as IT is part of CTC.

4. Above mentioned ESI percentage is calculated using ESI-eligible employees as the numerator and total Indian employee headcount as the denominator.
ESI coverage is 100% for all ESI-eligible employees.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
3.
Accessibility of workplaces

Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per
the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?

Yes
4.
Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so,
provide a web-link to the policy.

Yes. The policy is available on the website at - Global Policy on Equal Employment Opportunity for Persons
with Disabilities.
5.
Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
Particulars
Permanent Employees
Return to work rate
Retention rates
Male
100.00%
79.29%
Female
99.94%
70.29%
Total
99.97%
74.90%
6.
Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and
worker?

Yes

If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Yes/No
(If Yes, then give details of
the mechanism in brief)
Remark
Permanent Employees
Yes
Employees and other than Permanent Employees may register their
concerns through the dedicated e-mail address available (ombuds.
person@wipro.com) or through the Company's intranet portal. The
Company encourages its employees to register their concerns/
grievances through the Ombuds process and ensures that there is
no discrimination, retaliation or harassment of any kind against any
employee who reports under the vigil mechanism or participates in the
investigation.
Other than Permanent
Employees
Yes

Entire workforce is categorized as 'Employees' and none as 'Workers'.

7.
Membership of employees and workers in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:
Particulars
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total employees /
category (A)
No. of employees /
category, who are
part of association(s)
or Union (B)
% (B / A)
Total employees /
category (C)
No. of employees /
category, who are
part of association(s)
or Union (D)
% (D / C)
Employees
Total
Permanent
Employees
228,147
3,095
1.36
225,306
3,712
1.65
Male
142,033
2,202
1.55
141,613
2,663
1.88
Female
85,982
1.04
83,666
1,047
1.25
Others
1.52
7.41

Entire workforce is categorized as 'Employees' and none as 'Workers'.

Above disclosure excludes CAPCO entities.

Figures for FY 2024-25 have been restated for consistent classification year on year.
8.
Details of training given to employees1 and workers2:
Particulars
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total (A)
On Health and safety
measures
On Skill upgradation
Total (D)
On Health and safety
measures
On Skill upgradation
No. (B)
% (B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
No. (E)
% (E/D)
No. (F)
% (F/D)
Employees
Male
142,033
88,755
62.49
132,133
93.03
141,613
68,604
48.44
134,109
94.70
Female
85,982
54,879
63.83
79,305
92.23
83,666
37,962
45.37
79,305
94.79
Other gender
38.64
47.73
51.85
92.59
Total
228,147
143,685
62.98
211,501
92.70
225,306
106,580
47.30
213,439
94.73

Notes

1Permanent global employees considered.

2Entire workforce is categorized as 'Employees' and none as 'Workers'.

Above disclosure excludes CAPCO entities.
9.
Details of performance and career development reviews of employees1 and worker2:
Particulars
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total (A)@
No. (B)
% (B/A)
Total (C)@
No. (D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Male
124,384
118,237
95.06
122,568
121,086
98.79
Female
73,978
70,549
95.36
70,779
70,047
98.97
Other gender
75.00
Total
198,386
188,804
95.17
193,361
191,147
98.85

Notes

1Permanent global employees considered excluding CAPCO entities.

2Entire workforce is categorized as 'Employees' and none as 'Workers'.

@Column A and C denote the number of employees eligible for performance review.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
10. Health and safety management system:

Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the
entity? (Yes/ No) If yes, the coverage of such system?

Yes. All our campuses conform to ISO 45001:2018 (Occupational Health & Safety management system) with
100% operational coverage and are certified by accredited third party agencies. Besides internal and third-
party audits, EHS experts periodically assess every unit (at least once in six months), to ensure compliance to
statutory norms and requirements. We also have a dedicated "Health and Safety Policy" in place.

What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and
non-routine basis by the entity?

We conduct a Hazard Analysis and Risk Assessment annually or anytime there is a change in process, new
equipment, or service, and build risk mitigation plans. The following steps are taken to assess risks and hazards:
Break down the job into successive steps or tasks;
Identify the hazards associated with each step and task;
Identify controls in place for each hazard;
Identify applicable legal obligations relating to risk assessment and implementation of necessary controls;
Estimate the potential severity of an incident associated with each hazard from both safety and health aspects;
Estimate the probability of an incident occurring for each hazard (given existing controls);
Calculate the risk;
Identify possible additional controls needed to eliminate these hazards.

c.
Whether you have processes for workers to report the work related hazards and to remove themselves
from such risks. (Yes/No)

Not Applicable as entire workforce is categorized as 'Employees' and none as 'Workers'.

d.
Do the employees or worker of the entity have access to non- occupational medical and healthcare
services? (Yes/No)

Yes
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number
Category
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-person
hours worked)
Employees
0.31
0.27
Total recordable work-related injuries
No. of fatalities
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding
fatalities)

Notes

1. The inclusion of only permanent employees has been undertaken, as per legal discretion. With the Labour Codes effective from November 21,
2025, a subset of the workforce may qualify as workers under the applicable regulations. The Company has considered the relevant provisions
in financial statements and is implementing appropriate systems and processes to identify such personnel and ensure compliance. For the current
reporting year, all personnel have been classified as employees and, accordingly, no workforce has been disclosed under the workers category.

2. This includes employees in India as well as global.

3. The Lost Time Injury figures reported above are based on work-related injuries that led to an absence from work of 48 hours or more.

12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.

We conduct periodic and annual assessments of our campuses/offices, employees, stakeholders and service providers as
a part of this process. A Food Safety and Standards Authority of India ("FSSAI") license is mandatory for vendors operating
within Wipro owned locations in India. Environment, Occupational Health & Safety ("EHS") management systems in our
campuses conform to international standards such as 14001 & 45001 and are certified by accredited third party agencies.
As an ISO 45001:2018 certified organization, we conduct a Hazard Analysis and Risk Assessment annually or anytime there
is a change in process, new equipment, or service, and build risk mitigation plans.
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Working Conditions
1,189
1,043
Health & Safety
14. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed
(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Health and safety practices
100%*
Working Conditions

* Covering all sites with operational control.
15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on significant
risks / concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.

The key categories of incidents reported are transport (travel from home to office by Company cab) and minor office
incidents like cuts or burn injuries. These are closed with root cause analysis and corrective actions. Larger locations
have "Occupational Health Center" and Ambulance service where non-work-related illness during hours is supported by
the medical experts. Physiotherapists visit the OHC at set timing, address any Ergonomic issues. We had a few flood-like
situations at our locations where the Company put in place business continuity measures and extended support to nearby
communities. We have taken longer term measures after the incident which included working with government agencies
for cleaning and reconstruction of storm water drains.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1.
Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of

Employees (Yes/No)

Yes. Our benefits program follows an integrated approach and provides a range of options for better financial and
social security, including efficient tax-management options, life and accident insurance, and medical packages.

Workers (Yes/No)

Not Applicable as entire workforce is categorized as 'Employees' and none as 'Workers'.
2.
Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and
deposited by the value chain partners.

Wipro conducts monthly audit of all labour standards for all Core and contract employees. All third-party vendors are
audited by the internal auditors and external labour consultants, hence making sure that all our value chain partners
are remitting the statutory dues to the employee and the authority regularly.
3.
Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work-related injury / ill-health /
fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable
employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:

None
4.
Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the
management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No)

Yes
5.
Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such
partners) that were assessed
Health and safety practices
We ensure that 100% of our suppliers understand and sign off on
our Supplier Code of Conduct
Working Conditions
6.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.

Vendors who are associated with Wipro are internally trained for health & safety practices by in-house EHS ("Environmental,
Health & Safety") team with 100% coverage. Wipro provides a workplace that is physically and emotionally safe for
contractual staff, where they can focus on their job responsibilities and obtain fulfillment. Wipro provides a safe workplace,
compensating workers fairly, and treating them with a sense of dignity and equality while respecting their privacy. Vendor
partners undergo training on sexual harassment with 100% coverage. Internal risk review mechanism is in place with all
relevant functions to understand the requirements through fortnightly and monthly reviews with all the functions. Location
Facility Management Group ("FMG") leads are designated as single point of contacts to conduct and coordinate cross-
functional efforts and third-party verification is carried out on all the documents submitted by the vendor partner.

PRINCIPLE 4 - BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT THE INTERESTS OF AND BE RESPONSIVE
TO ALL ITS STAKEHOLDERS
I. ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1.
Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.

Engaging with our stakeholders is essential to understand the social, environmental and economic context Wipro operates
in. Stakeholder engagement is important for Wipro in order to build a symbiotic relationship with our stakeholders and
achieve better outcomes. Factors such as impact, influence, legitimacy, urgency, and diversity of perspectives are the basis
of identifying stakeholders crucial to the organization. The stakeholders identified are employees, investors, customers and
suppliers. Stakeholder needs and expectations are taken into consideration while determining the organization's materiality
to ensure fair representation of key material topics.
2.
List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group.
Stakeholder group
Whether
identified as
vulnerable &
Marginalized
Group (Yes/No)
Channels of
communication
Details of other channels
of communication
(Email, SMS,
Newspaper, Pamphlets,
Advertisement,
Community Meetings,
Notice Board, Website),
Other
Frequency of
engagement
(Annually/ Half
yearly/ Quarterly
/ others - please
Purpose and scope of engagement including key topics and
concerns raised during such engagement
Employees
No
Internal portal (Dot),
Emails and Blogs
E-mail, meetings,
Surveys complemented
with FGDs
Monthly
1.
Continuous Learning
2.
Work life balance
3.
Compensation & Benefits
4.
Health & Safety
5.
Diversity
Investors and
Shareholders
No
Annual General Body
Meeting, Annual
Report
Meetings
Annually
1.
Corporate governance
2.
Financial performance
3.
Labour & Human rights
4.
Attrition
5.
Compliance
Customers
No
Strategic and
operational reviews,
customer feedback
and surveys
Surveys
Monthly
1.
Quality and timeliness of delivery
2.
Impact on customer's business goals
Suppliers
No
Supplier meets,
vendor surveys
Surveys
Half yearly
1.
Ease of doing business with Wipro across the
Order to Payment life cycle
2.
Ethical business conduct, and social practices
Government and
Policy Network
No
Meetings
Events and Meetings
Quarterly
1.
India's policies on climate change, energy
efficiency,
water,
waste,
biodiversity,
including SDG's
2.
The role of corporate social responsibility and
Taxation legislation in the countries we operate in
3.
Labour and human rights
Industry
Association and
Academia
No
Meetings
Meetings
Quarterly
1.
The role of digital technology in supporting net
zero transition
2.
Inclusive working models
3.
Future ready talent in terms of new age skills
CSR
Implementation
agency and Civil
Society Network
Yes
Periodic meetings,
newsletters
Interactions and
Meetings
Monthly
1.
Primary healthcare for rural communities
2.
Environment issues that affect Disadvantaged
3.
Education for disadvantaged children
4.
Long-term rehabilitation for disaster-affected
areas

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1.
Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and
social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.

The consultation with the Board on key stakeholder concerns is largely mediated by different organizational functions
which are responsible for the respective stakeholders. Periodic Board reviews are held at least once a quarter, during
which the Board holds extensive discussions with the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and other senior leaders
representing these functions. For example, feedback on customer trends and issues is provided by the Heads of
Businesses and Market Units, feedback on investors by the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") and team, on employees
by the Chief Human Resources Officer ("CHRO") and team, on sustainability issues by the Chief Sustainability Officer,
etc. Please refer to the "Stakeholder Engagement" Section of Wipro Annual Report for FY 2025-26.
2.
Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental,
and social topics? (Yes / No)

Yes

If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were
incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.

Stakeholder engagement covers key material issues driven by strategic objectives through various modes of
engagements. There is a primary internal custodian for each stakeholder group. For example, feedback from
employees involve certain informed steps which are taken leading to enhanced communications and collaboration
forums. For suppliers, this has improved the ease of doing business and ability to address environmental and social
aspects. For communities, under the community ecology initiative, we focus on striking an ecological balance in our
proximate communities by taking up projects that have direct and tangible benefits and strengthening our urban
primary healthcare system is a focus area for us. This is because vulnerable communities still lack adequate personnel
and amenities for their healthcare needs. Similarly, for employees, at Wipro, the health, safety, and wellbeing of our
employees is of paramount importance. We look at wellbeing holistically, connecting mind, body, and community
to help us focus on being healthy, feeling happy, and living our life's purpose. Our employee wellness programs
encompass three areas of employee wellbeing: Physical, emotional, and financial. Inputs are received through the
employee feedback mechanism. Customer surveys are conducted periodically to get customer inputs. Additionally,
quarterly reviews are held with customers where inputs are sought.
3.
Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/
marginalized stakeholder groups.

Wipro engages with communities and civil society networks to work on systemic issues that can act as force multipliers
for social transformation and sustainable development. Within this ambit, we deliberately focus on disadvantaged
groups in a significant majority of our social initiatives e.g. Children with Disability, the Urban Poor, Women from
disadvantaged communities, Suppliers from under-represented groups (e.g. Women owned enterprises), Employees
with disability or from LGBTQ+ groups. Boosting and strengthening our urban primary healthcare system is a focus
area for us. For example, enhancing education facilities for children with disabilities in marginalized communities,
providing healthcare to migrant workers.

PRINCIPLE 5 - BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE HUMAN RIGHTS
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1.
Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the
Particulars
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total (A)
Number of
employees or
workers covered (B)
% (B/A)
Total (C)
Number of
employees or
workers covered (D)
% (D/C)
Employees
Permanent employees
228,147
211,270
92.60
225,306
191,540
85.01
Other than permanent employees
9,914
5,687
57.36
10,109
2,027
20.05
Total Employees
238,061
216,957
91.14
235,415
193,567
82.22
Notes
1. Human rights training coverage includes employees who completed either the mandatory POSH or Code of Business Conduct trainings.
2. Global employees included.
3. Above disclosure excludes CAPCO entities.
4. Employees based in certain Europe region (in accordance with local regulatory requirements) and those on extended leave (as per Company policy) are
exempt from completing the POSH training. However, these employees are included in the total headcount as required under BRSR.
2.
Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
Particulars
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total (A)
(Equal to minimum
(More than minimum
Total (D)
(Equal to minimum
(More than minimum
No. (B)
%(B/A)
No. (C)
% (C/A)
No.(E)
% (E/D)
No. (F)
% (F/D)
Employees
Permanent employees
179,308
5,724
3.19
173,584
96.8
173,785
8,646
4.97
165,139
95.02
Male
113,493
2,736
2.41
110,757
97.58
110,799
4,526
4.08
106,273
95.91
Female
65,794
2,987
4.53
62,807
95.46
62,980
4,120
6.54
58,860
93.45
Other
4.76
95.23
0.00

Note: For eligible employees in India Geography
3.
Details of remuneration/salary/wages:

Median remuneration / wages:

Please refer to page 139 to 140 of this Annual Report.

Notes

1. For remuneration to Directors kindly refer to the corporate governance report in the Annual Report FY 25-26.

2. Third party service providers are excluded.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages
25.67%
25.92%

Notes

1. Global Permanent employees are considered.

2. In accordance with the guidance set out in the Master Circular dated January 30, 2026, the above disclosure is based on salary and wage
expenses from the audited financial statements, excluding retirement benefits, ESOPs, and staff welfare expenses, and is consistent with
payroll records.
4.
Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues
caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)

Yes. Mr. Saurabh Govil, Chief Human Resources Officer, is responsible for addressing human rights issues.
5.
Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.

Wipro's Ombuds Policy has been established to allow workers and other individuals associated with the Company
to voice their concerns pertaining to malpractice, impropriety, abuse, and deviant behavior at an early stage through
an appropriate channel, freely without fear of retaliation, victimization, or eventual discrimination or disadvantage
at workplace. Mechanism followed under the Ombuds process has been displayed on the Company's intranet and
website at - Ombuds Policy.
6.
Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2025-26*
FY 2024-25
Sexual Harassment
Child Labour
Forced Labour/ Involuntary
Labour
Wages
Other human rights related
issues

*The figures in the table represent consolidated group-level data across all gender categories and global locations for the financial year.

7.
Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act,
2013, in the following format:
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention,
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
Average of number of female employees/workers at the beginning of the year and as at end
89,093
69,954
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers
0.14
0.18
Complaints on POSH upheld

Notes

1. The POSH Act applies in India; therefore, the reported cases disclosed have been filed by women employees and other women at the workplaces of the
group of entities located within India, as the Act protects the rights of all women working or visiting workplaces, regardless of their employment status.

2. Above disclosure on Complaints on POSH upheld, include 14 cases that were pending resolution at the end of previous reporting period.

3. Global employees are covered by Company s global policy & are governed by respective country s law.

4. Cases reported includes women other than employees too as per the POSH Act. For the purpose of calculation of ratio, only women employees have
been considered.

5. Higher reported cases demonstrate increased awareness and a greater confidence in the resolution mechanism.
8.
Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.

Ombuds Policy assures all complainants protection and safeguards against perceived or actual victimization or retaliation
for reporting a complaint. Moreover, if any complainant still feels or raises such concern of retaliation, they may approach
the Chief Ombudsperson for a suitable remedy.
9.
Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)

Yes. Human Rights aspects are covered as part of the Wipro Supplier Code of Conduct, which is required for all contracts.
10. Assessments for the year:
Particulars
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or
statutory authorities or third parties)
Child labour
100%
Forced/involuntary labour
Sexual harassment
Wages
11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/ concerns arising from the
assessments at Question 10 above.

We conduct monthly audits to address risks and escalate in case of any issues. We ensure all statutory compliances regarding
minimum wages and strictly prohibit employment of child labour.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1.
Details of a business process being modified/ introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances or
complaints.

Please refer to "Human Rights & Values at Wipro" in the "People Practices" Section of the Annual Report. Human
Rights Policy: Human Rights Policy.
2.
Details of the scope and coverage of any human rights due diligence conducted.

Please refer to "Human Rights & Values at Wipro" in the "People Practices" Section of the Annual Report. Human
Rights Policy: Human Rights Policy.
3.
Is the premise/ office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the
Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?

Yes
4.
Details on assessment of value chain partners:
Particulars
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with
such partners) that were assessed
Child labour
100%
Forced/involuntary labour
Sexual harassment
Wages
5.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/ concerns arising from
the assessments at Question 4 above.

Monthly audits are conducted to address risks and escalate in case of any issues. All statutory compliances regarding
minimum wages and other benefits are ensured. Employment of child labour is strictly prohibited.

PRINCIPLE 6 - BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND MAKE EFFORTS TO PROTECT AND
RESTORE THE ENVIRONMENT
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1.
Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:

Whether total energy consumption and energy intensity is applicable to the Company? Yes
Parameter
Units
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
From renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A)
Megajoule (MJ)
616,790,586.76
588,140,791.60
Total fuel consumption (B)
Megajoule (MJ)
Energy consumption through other sources (C)
Megajoule (MJ)
9,601,636.73
10,261,544.03
Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C)
Megajoule (MJ)
626,392,223.49
598,402,335.63
From non-renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D)
Megajoule (MJ)
40,962,688.89
116,279,477.00
Total fuel consumption (E)
Megajoule (MJ)
35,144,676.24
41,493,714.70
Energy consumption through other sources (F)
Megajoule (MJ)
0.00
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F)
Megajoule (MJ)
76,107,365.12
157,773,192.10
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F)
Megajoule (MJ)
702,499,588.61
756,175,527.80
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy consumed /
Revenue from operations)
Megajoule /C
0.00075844
0.00084879
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing
Power Parity (PPP) (Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations
adjusted for PPP)
Megajoule /C
0.01542672
0.017536050
Energy intensity in terms of physical output - Occupancy (kWh/
person/day)
kWh/person/day
9.86
12.10
Energy intensity (optional) - the relevant metric may be selected by the
entity
kWh/sqm
80.64
88.36

Notes

1. Above disclosure is reported for office locations under operational control.

2. Operating revenues have been adjusted using the latest Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) conversion factor for India, as published by the IMF. For the year
ended March 31, 2026, the conversion factor is 20.34.

agency? (Yes/No) If yes, name of the external agency.

2.
Does the entity have any sites/facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve
and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Yes/No)

No

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
3.
Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter
Units
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
Surface water
Groundwater
13,519
16,342
(iii) Third party water
1,221,903
1,292,138
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water
Others
25,801
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)
1,261,223
1,308,480
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres)
1,223,771
1,307,531
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Total water consumption /
Revenue from operations)
kilolitres /C
0.0000013
0.0000015
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing
Power Parity (PPP)(Total water consumption / Revenue from
operations adjusted for PPP)
kilolitres /C
0.000026874
0.000030322
Water intensity in terms of physical output
-
Water intensity (optional) - the relevant metric may be selected
by the entity
lit/person/day
61.85
75.53

Notes

1. Above disclosure represents values across all locations under the operational control.

2. Optional relevant metric selected as lit per person per day for calculating water intensity.

agency? (Yes/No) If yes, name of the external agency.

4.
Provide the following details related to water discharged:
Parameter
Units
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
To Surface water

No treatment

To Groundwater

No treatment

To Seawater

No treatment

third party water
37,452

No treatment
37,056

With treatment - tertiary treatment

Parameter
Units
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Others

No treatment

Total water discharged in kilolitres per area
37,452

Notes

1. The above disclosures pertain to 2 locations (Electronic city-5 and Sarjapur-2).

2. This includes one location (Sarjapur-2) where the STP is being renovated, as a result of which untreated water was discharged which was sent to local
municipality for treatment.

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?
(Yes/No). If yes, name of the external agency.

5.
Has the entity implemented a mechanism for zero liquid discharge?

Yes

If yes, provide details of its coverage and implementation.

Wipro follows a Zero Liquid Discharge approach across most locations, whereby water is treated to secondary or tertiary
quality and reused for non-contact purposes, including flushing, HVAC, and gardening. During the ongoing STP upgrade,
untreated water was discharged at one location as part of renovation activities and was directed to the local municipality
for treatment.
6.
Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:

Whether air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity is applicable to the Company?

Yes
Parameter
Unit
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
NOx
Tonne
17.46
25.74
SOx
Tonne
1.77
2.81
Particulate matter (PM)
Tonne
0.65
3.17
Persistent organic pollutants (POP)
Tonne
-
Volatile organic compounds (VOC)
Tonne
-
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
Tonne
-
Others - please specify
N/A
NA
NA

The values are based on stack emission reports compiled monthly for Diesel Generator (DG) sets at sample sites under Wipro s operational control.

agency? (Yes/No). If yes, name of the external agency.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
7.
Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the

Whether greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity is applicable to
the Company?

Yes
Parameter
Units
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4,
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
7,649.14
8,046.00
Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4,
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
8,075.06
23,416.00
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of
turnover (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue
from operations)
kgCO2e/C
0.000017
0.000035
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per rupee of
turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue from operations
adjusted for PPP)
kgCO2e/C
0.000345
0.000730
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms of
physical output
NA
NA
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity (optional) - the
relevant metric may be selected by the entity
kgCO2e/sqm
6.50
13.26

Notes

1. Optional relevant metric selected as kgCO2e per square metre for calculating intensity.

2. Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions reported values above represents all locations under the operational control of the consolidated group of
entities.

3. Emission factors for Scope 1 emissions are based on the DEFRA 2025 database. For Scope 2 emissions (based on market- based approach)
from purchased electricity, emission factors are sourced from the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) database.

external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, name of the external agency

8.
Does the entity have any project related to reducing greenhouse gas emission? If yes, provide details.

Yes. We have a detailed roadmap to become Net Zero on our value-chain GHG emissions by 2040 with firm interim
goals till 2030. Our plans envisage a multi-pronged approach around energy efficiency, renewable energy, green
buildings, and scope 3 emission reduction.

For more details, refer to our Carbon reduction Plan.

9.
Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter
Units
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic Waste (A)
E-Waste (B)
Bio Medical Waste (C)
3.5
Construction And Demolition Waste(D)
2,206
8,888
Battery Waste (E)
Radioactive Waste (F)
Other Hazardous Waste (G)
Other Non-Hazardous Waste Generated (H). Please specify, if any.
(Breakup by composition i.e. by materials relevant to the sector)
5,131
4,193
Total Waste Generated (A+B+C+D+E+F+G+H)
7,932
13,541
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / Revenue
from operations)
kg/C
0.00000856
0.0000152
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power
Parity (PPP) (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted
for PPP)
kg/C
0.00017418
0.00031402
Waste intensity in terms of physical output
N/A
N/A
Waste intensity (optional) - the relevant metric may be selected by
the entity
kg/person/day
0.40
0.78
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations
(in metric tonnes)
Recycled
5,501
4,833
Re-used
1,506
(iii) Other recovery operations
Total
7,008*
5,111*
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Incineration
Landfilling
8,646
(iii) Other disposal operation
Total
748*
8,726*
*figures are rounded off.
Notes
1. Above disclosure represents values across all locations under the operational control.
2. Other hazardous waste majorly includes oil waste. Non-Hazardous waste includes organic waste (food waste) and others.
3. The waste that goes to landfills is almost entirely Construction and Demolition waste. Disposing this waste seems to be a systemic problem across the
board. The C&D (Construction and Demolition) waste in FY25 was significantly high due to the demolition and redevelopment of the tower from Mysore
office location.
4. Waste intensity (Kg per person per day) has been calculated based on the average number of employees attending office locations.
5. Operating revenue has been adjusted using the latest Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) conversion factor for India, as published by the IMF. For the year
ended March 31, 2026, the conversion factor is 20.34.
6. For e-waste (computer waste), the reported quantity generated is derived from the quantity disposed of during the reporting period. Any e-waste
remaining at the end of the financial year is securely stored at the facilities and is subsequently recycled through approved vendors in accordance with
applicable waste management practices.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report

external agency?(Yes/No). If yes, name of the external agency.

10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy
adopted by your Company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes
and the practices adopted to manage such wastes.

Wipro promotes waste reduction and recycling through various measures such as minimizing the use of single-use
plastics, promoting paperless operations, and adopting energy-efficient technologies. Wipro collaborates with
authorized recycling partners to manage electronic waste (e-waste) responsibly. Waste collection and disposal
is done systematically, adhering to predefined schedules and routes to optimize efficiency. Waste segregation is
followed at its facilities, and Wipro maintains comprehensive records and documentation related to waste generation,
segregation, collection, and disposal. Tracking and reporting is maintained to assess the effectiveness of waste
reduction initiatives and identify areas for further improvement. Third-Party Vendor Evaluation is employed to ensure
that third-party vendors abide by local waste management laws.
11. If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife
sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.)
where environmental approvals / clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:

The Company does not have operations in ecologically sensitive areas.
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws,
in the current financial year:

Not Applicable as per Environmental Impact Assessment ("EIA") notification 2006.
13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the
Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment
protection act and rules thereunder? (Yes/No)

Yes
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1.
Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres):

For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:
Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress
Name of the area
All offices except Airoli, Gopanpally, KDC, Manikonda, Mysore, Pune, Cochin,
Vizag, and Bhubaneswar.
Nature of operations
IT Services

iii. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:
Parameter
Unit
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
Surface water
Ground water
12,217
14,530
Third party water
537,520
879,030
Seawater / desalinated water
Others*
12,980
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres)
562,717
893,560
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres)
525,265
892,611
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / turnover)
Kilolitres/C
0.000000567
0.000001002
Water intensity (optional) - the relevant metric may be selected by the
entity
lit/person/day
26.55
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
Into Surface water

No treatment

Into Groundwater

No treatment

Into Seawater

No treatment

third party water
37,452

No treatment
37,056

With treatment - tertiary treatment
Others

No treatment

Total water discharged in kilolitres per area
37,452

*Includes rainwater harvesting

Notes

1. The above disclosures pertain to 2 locations (Electronic city-5 and Sarjapur-2). This includes one location (Sarjapur-2) where the STP is being renovated,
as a result of which untreated water was discharged which was sent to local municipality for treatment.

2. The disclosure above is for India locations only.

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment or evaluation or assurance has been carried out by an external
agency? (Yes/No). If yes, name of the external agency.

Yes, Independent assurance has been provided by Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP for FY 2025-26.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
2.
Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format:

Whether total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity is applicable to the Company? Yes
Parameter
Units
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Total Scope 3 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4,
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
170,928
188,224
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover
tCO2e/C
0.000000185
0.000000211
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) - the relevant metric
may be selected by the entity
kgCO2e/sqm
70.64
79.33

Notes

1.
The optional metric selected is kg CO2e per square meter for calculating Scope 3 intensity.

2.
Category wise emissions and calculation methodology:

i.
Purchased Goods and Services and Capital Goods (FY26: 39,724 tCO2e; FY25: 32,866 tCO2e): are estimated using Exiobase
EEIO factors combined with a spend-based approach. Upstream Transportation & Distribution emissions have been included in
Purchased Goods & Services and Capital Goods category.

ii.
Upstream Fuel and Energy (FY26: 2,911 tCO2e; FY25: 16,349 tCO2e): DEFRA emission factors from 2017, 2021, and 2025, employing
a fuel-based methodology. Renewable energy transmission and distribution losses are excluded for FY 25-26.

iii.
Business Travel (FY26- 29,420 tCO2e; FY25 - 30,315 tCO2e) Air travel emissions are calculated following the ICAO methodology,
while other travel modes apply DEFRA 2025 factors. A distance-based approach is used for all calculations.

iv.
Employee Commute (FY26: 77,280 tCO2e; FY25: 85,168 tCO2e): Emissions are based on DEFRA 2025 factors, applying a distance-
based methodology. Work From Home Emissions are calculated based on Anthesis work paper .

v.
Upstream and Downstream Leased Assets FY26: 21,562 tCO2e FY25: 23,468 tCO2e): Emissions are estimated using intensity
data from 'Our World India' combined with DEFRA 2021 factors, focusing exclusively on leased office locations with more than 100
employees.

vi.
Waste Emissions (FY26: 31 tCO2e; FY25: 58 tCO2e) are calculated using DEFRA 2025 emission factors.

external agency? (Yes/No). If yes, name of the external agency.

3.
With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide
details of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention
and remediation activities.

The Company does not have operations in ecologically sensitive areas.
4.
If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve
resource efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide
details of the same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:
Initiative
undertaken
Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be provided
along-with summary)
Outcome of the initiative
Global Energy
Command Center
Aggregates Building Management System (BMS) inputs on a
common platform.
Optimize operational control and
improve energy efficiency.
Indoor Air Quality
Continuous Air Quality monitoring system (PM 2.5, PM 10, TVOC,
CO2, Temperature, RH) using certified sensors. Old campuses will
also have improved air filtration and IAQ (Improved Air Quality)
monitoring in place (phase wise execution plan based on RTW). Air
quality audit & Implemented 2nd stage filter with > 99% Viral load
reduction efficiency.
Improved air quality monitoring
and management for occupants.

Initiative
undertaken
Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be provided along-
with summary)
Outcome of the initiative
UPS Capacitor
replacement
Conversion of VRLA ("Valve Regulated Lead Acid") batteries
to Lithium Batteries (LIB) with monitoring system.
LIB's have a longer life of more than 2 to 3 times
of VRLA ("Valve Regulated Lead Acid") batteries. IT
helps in the reduction of UPS capacity requirement
& backup related capacity optimization.
Ultrafiltration and
nano-filtration
6 of the Wipro owned locations have installed ultrafiltration
where water from these locations is being treated
completely. Membrane Bio reactor ("MBR") is used in 2 of
the campuses. And further installation in 2 more locations
is being carried out. Nano filtration is used in 4 locations for
treatment of fresh water.
Improved water recycling efficiency.
Phasing out of
R-22 for HVAC
We have phased out the usage of R-22 in some of
Wipro's owned campuses i.e. SJP 1, KODC (Kochi), CMDC
(Coimbatore) to transition towards environment friendly
alternatives thereby achieving energy efficiency and lower
operating costs over time.
Avoided 115 metric tonnes of CO2 emissions
annually in FY 2026.
5.
Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan?

Yes

Details of entity at which business continuity and disaster management plan is placed or weblink.

Wipro is aligned to ISO 22301 Business Continuity Management System ("BCMS") framework which is applicable across
global locations, accounts, and service functions. Wipro's VirtuaDeskTM Business Continuity Solution is designed to
introduce desktop and application virtualization to the workplace in a quick and cost-effective manner. We also have a
well-developed Business Continuity Management Plan which helped us recover from COVID-19 pandemic. Our business
continuity policy is used to plan for climate related disruptions which could impact business objectives. In addition to our
current practices, we have the well-established Crisis 24 tool available to effectively communicate with associates during
any disruptions, events, or incidents. This platform ensures that everyone receives timely and accurate information, helping
us coordinate responses, recovery and keep all associates informed as situations develop.

Disclosure weblink of entity at which business continuity and disaster management plan is placed at

https://www.wipro.com/engineering/helping-you-navigate-through-disruption/.
6.
Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation
or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard?

Around 92% of the environmental impact from GHG emissions is from our extended value chain. The main contributing
categories are purchased goods and services, business travel and employee commute. We have mitigation plans for each
of these - at a high level IT is based on engagement and disclosures with our suppliers; travel reduction and avoidance
for business travel; EV, public transport and pooling for employee commute and RE procurement for reducing upstream
energy emissions.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
7.
Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for
environmental impacts.

We estimate that approximately 50% of suppliers by value of business would be assessed for environmental impact
- across key categories of IT hardware, facility management services and Civil. The natural capital valuation program
assesses the environmental impact of our value chain activities, including purchased goods and services. This is
based on our spend data for each supplier and categories they belong to. Details of the same are provided in Annual
Report under Wipro's Natural Capital Valuation Program. We engaged with 135 suppliers, through Wipro Initiative
for Supplier Engagement ("WISE") program.
8.
How many Green Credits have been generated or procured:

Number of green credits generated or procured by the listed entity.

Not Applicable, since we have committed to SBTi Targets, our emission reduction efforts are focussed
on decarbonization.

Number of green credits generated or procured by the top ten (in terms of value of purchases and
sales, respectively) value chain partners.

Not Applicable
PRINCIPLE 7 - BUSINESSES, WHEN ENGAGING IN INFLUENCING PUBLIC AND
REGULATORY POLICY, SHOULD DO SO IN A MANNER THAT IS RESPONSIBLE
AND TRANSPARENT
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1.
Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers or associations.

8

List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members
of such body) the entity is a member of/affiliated to.
Name of the trade and industry chambers/ associations
Reach of trade and industry
chambers/ associations
US Chamber of Commerce
International
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)
National
Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI)
National
digital Switzerland
International
National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM)
National
BITKOM
International
techUK
International
Indo-French Chamber of Commerce and Industry (IFCCI)
International
2.
Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by
the entity based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.

None

LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1.
Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
Public policy advocated
Method
resorted for
such advocacy
Whether
information
available in public
domain? (Yes/No)
Frequency of
review by board
(Annually/ Half
yearly/ Quarterly
/ Others - please
Web Link, if available
Talent - Many associations place talent at the center
of their advocacy, stressing the need for a high-
performing, adaptable, and skilled workforce that
can respond to changing demands. They view talent
development as a source of competitive advantage
and therefore emphasize reskilling, upskilling,
leadership development, and digital education
to meet the rising demand for digital skills in an
increasingly digital economy.
Events/
Reports/
Meetings/
Consultation
Yes
Others- when
US Chamber of Commerce
Foundation
Nasscom
Tech UK
ESG: Industry associations converge on the need
for a common platform to collectively advocate for
practical and implementable climate policies. The
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) emphasizes
fostering a business-friendly ecosystem through
collaboration. FICCI highlights the critical role of
businesses and communities in environmental
stewardship. NASSCOM positions sustainability as
a key service frontier, while techUK underscores the
enabling power of digital technologies in advancing
a net-zero future. Across these perspectives,
collaboration
remains
central
integrating economic, social, and environmental
sustainability.
Events/
Reports/
Meetings/
Consultation
Yes
Others- when
US Chamber of Commerce
FICCI
Nasscom
Tech UK
Bitkom
Mobility
-
Many
associations
advocates
immigration reform to address critical workforce
needs, fostering economic growth and innovation.
CII promotes free movement of professional and visa
norms simplification. IFCCI International Migration
Division facilitates global talent mobility, aligning
industry needs with welfare maximization. NASSCOM
lobbies for Skilled Mobility and Liberal Visa policies.
BITKOM focuses on improving immigration processes
for IT professionals, combating shortages in Germany
through policy, advocacy and reports.
Events/
Reports/
Meetings/
Consultation
Yes
Others- when
US Chamber of Commerce
Foundation
Nasscom
Bitkom

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Public policy advocated
Method
resorted for
such advocacy
Whether
information
available in public
domain? (Yes/No)
Frequency of
review by board
(Annually/ Half
yearly/ Quarterly
/ Others - please
Web Link, if available
Future of Work - Associations like the
US Chamber envision a dynamic future
work,
IT
emphasizes
adaptability
and empowerment for individuals and
businesses. CII stresses the urgent need
for skilling in emerging technologies. FICCI
anticipates a hybrid work model in India.
NASSCOM underscores the importance
human
centric
leadership
amid
technological evolution. tech UK highlights
the rise of flexible work urging readiness for
digital transformation. BITKOM addresses
diverse challenges through education and
labour law reforms. Together, they advocate
for a future workforce equipped with
skills and conditions to thrive in a rapidly
evolving landscape. Shaping prosperity and
innovation globally.
Events/
Reports/
Meetings/
Consultation
Yes
Others- when
US Chamber of Commerce
Foundation
Tech UK

PRINCIPLE 8 - BUSINESSES SHOULD PROMOTE INCLUSIVE GROWTH AND EQUITABLE
DEVELOPMENT
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1.
Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the
current financial year.
Name and brief details of project
Whether
conducted by
external agency
(Yes/No)
Results
communicated
in public domain
(Yes/No)
Relevant Web Link
WORK-INTEGRATED LEARNING PROGRAMS: IT includes WASE (Wipro
Academy of Software Excellence) and WIMS (Wipro Infrastructure Management
School) Programs, addresses the growing demand for skilled talent in the IT/
ITeS sector by integrating academic learning with real-time project experience.
With over two decades of impact, the program enables BCA/B.Sc. graduates to
pursue an M.Tech from BITS Pilani while gaining hands-on industry exposure.
IT has successfully built a strong pipeline of industry-ready professionals,
particularly from low-income and Tier 2-3 backgrounds, demonstrating
strong inclusion. The program has led to significant improvement in technical
capabilities (self-rating increasing from ~2.35 to ~4.75) and enjoys high
satisfaction, with 97% participant recommendation. Overall, WILP continues
to drive financial independence, enhance employability, and support socio-
economic mobility among its participants.
Yes
Yes
Impact Assessment
Summary FY'26
TRANSITION TO RENEWABLE ENERGY: In FY26, the Company procured
approximately 94 million units of renewable energy, primarily from solar
and wind sources, with no significant impact on forests or wildlife and
adherence to environmental safeguards at generation sites. The initiative
resulted in total impact savings of around USD 14 million (up from USD 12
million in FY25), including the avoidance of 103,330 tons of GHG emissions
and water savings of about 2.8 million m (~USD 1.1 million). While there is a
negative land-use impact (~USD 1.7 million) due to the higher land footprint
of renewable energy installations, the overall outcome of the program
continues to be assessed as Highly Positive.
Yes
Yes
Impact Assessment
Summary FY'26
2.
Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by
your entity.

Not Applicable
3.
Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.

In addition to Grievance Redressal, the community stakeholders also have the option of sharing their concerns with us via
e-mail mentioned on our website. We have registers at all our locations which can be used by any stakeholder group to
express their concerns.
4.
Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
Parameter
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers
8.63%
3.99%
Directly from within India
28.06%
25.84%

Note

The increase in MSME percentage is primarily driven by the revised definition of MSMEs, along with higher overall procurement spend.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
5.
Job creation in smaller towns - Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers
employed on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost.
Parameter
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
% of Job creation in Rural areas
0.02%
% of Job creation in Semi-Urban areas
2.22%
1.73%
% of Job creation in Urban areas
12.71%
15.79%
% of Job creation in Metropolitan area
85.05%
82.47%

Note

1. Permanent employees at our India locations have been considered in the above disclosure.

2. In accordance with the guidance set out in the Master Circular dated January 30, 2026, the above disclosure is based on salary and wage
expenses from the audited financial statements, excluding retirement benefits, ESOPs, and staff welfare expenses, and is consistent with
payroll records.
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1.
Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact
Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above)

Not Applicable
2.
Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational
districts as identified by government bodies:
Projects Undertaken
Aspirational district of CSR projects undertaken
Amount spent for CSR
projects undertaken
(in J)
Education
Visakhapatnam
3,107,831
Education
Gaya
1,300,000
Education
Ranchi
1,008,752
Sustainability Education
Wayanad
270,000
Education: Systemic Reforms
Udham Singh Nagar
529,200
3.
(a). Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from
suppliers comprising marginalized/vulnerable groups? (Yes/No/Not Applicable)

Not Applicable

(b). From which marginalized/vulnerable groups do you procure?

Not Applicable

(c). What percentage of total procurement (by value) does IT constitute?

Not Applicable
4.
Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity
(in the current financial year), based on traditional knowledge:

Not Applicable

5.
Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes
wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.

Not Applicable
6.
Details of beneficiaries of CSR projects:
CSR project
Number of persons
benefitted from CSR projects
% of beneficiaries from vulnerable
and marginalized groups
Improving educational access
34,525
Improving educational quality (India)
91,729
Education for children with disabilities
17,500
Sustainability education & research
21,780
Engineering education and digital skilling
77,397
-
Urban Spaces and Community Ecology
29,145
Primary Healthcare
700,000
Disaster Response
4,255
Employee Engagement (India and Overseas)
60,158
PRINCIPLE 9 - BUSINESSES SHOULD ENGAGE WITH AND PROVIDE VALUE TO THEIR
CONSUMERS IN A RESPONSIBLE MANNER
ESSENTIAL INDICATORS
1.
Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.

Customers have multiple channels for raising grievances- account managers, client engagement managers, the customer
advocacy group and through independently administered satisfaction surveys. There is ongoing, project based, and annual
feedback from our customers.
2.
Turnover of products and or services as a percentage of turnover from all products/ services that carry information
about Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product, safe and responsible usage and Recycling and/
or safe disposal as a percentage to total turnover.

Since we are not in B2C or product business, this is not applicable.
3.
Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
Particulars
FY 2025-26
FY 2024-25
Received
Pending
resolution at
Remark
Received
Pending
resolution at
Remark
Consumer complaints
Data privacy
NA
NA
Advertising
NA
NA
Cybersecurity
NA
NA
Delivery of essential services
NA
NA
Restrictive trade practices
NA
NA
Unfair trade practices
NA
NA
Other
NA
NA

NA- Not applicable.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
4.
Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:

Not Applicable
5.
Does the entity have a framework or policy on cybersecurity and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No)

Yes

If available, provide a web-link of the policy.

https://www.wipro.com/privacy-statement/
6.
Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery
of essential services; cybersecurity and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product
recalls; penalty/ action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products/ services.

In case of ransomware attack, we support the customers with our robust ransomware recovery processes. Wipro also
highlights potential vulnerabilities to customers and supports them with measures to protect themselves including
mitigation advisory and strategies.
7.
Provide the following information relating to data breaches:

Number of instances of data breaches

NIL

Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers

NIL

Impact, if any of the data breaches

No Impact
LEADERSHIP INDICATORS
1.
Web link where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed.

https://www.wipro.com/
2.
Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.

Not Applicable
3.
Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/ discontinuation of essential services.

We have a dedicated team who work on major incidents or disruption of services. We have ISO 22301:2019 aligned
Business Continuity Management System (BCMS) framework implemented across all global delivery locations
covering customer accounts and service functions.
4.
Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws?
(Yes/No/Not Applicable)

Not Applicable, since we are not in B2C or product business.

Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products
or services of the entity significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)

Yes

INDEPENDENT PRACTITIONER S REASONABLE ASSURANCE REPORT ON IDENTIFIED
SUSTAINABILITY INFORMATION IN WIPRO LIMITED S BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
To the Board of Directors of WIPRO LIMITED
1.
We have undertaken to perform reasonable assurance engagement, for WIPRO LIMITED (the Company ) vide our
engagement letter dated January 23, 2026 in respect of the agreed Sustainability Information listed below (the Identified
Sustainability Information or BRSR Core indicators ) in accordance with the Criteria stated in paragraph 3 below. This
Sustainability Information is included in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (the BRSR or the Report )
included within the Integrated Annual Report (the IAR ) of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026. This engagement
was conducted by a multidisciplinary team including assurance practitioners, environmental engineers and specialists.
2.
Identified Sustainability Information

Our scope of reasonable assurance consists of the BRSR Core indicators listed in the Appendix I to our report. The reporting
boundary of the Report is as disclosed in Question 13 of Section A: General Disclosure of the BRSR Report with exceptions
disclosed by way of note under respective questions of the BRSR Report, where applicable.

Our reasonable assurance engagement was with respect to the year ended March 31, 2026 information only and we have
not performed with respect to earlier periods or any other elements, included in the Report, and, therefore, do not express
any opinion thereon.
3.
Criteria

The Criteria used by the Company to prepare the Identified Sustainability Information is as under:
Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (the SEBI") (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements), Regulations, 2015 as amended; and
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting Requirements for listed entities per Master Circular No.
HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026 (the SEBI Master Circular ).
4.
Management s Responsibility

The Company s management is responsible for selecting or establishing suitable criteria for preparing the Sustainability
Information including the reporting boundary of the Report, disclosing environmental information basis operational
control approach, taking into account applicable laws and regulations, if any, related to reporting on the Sustainability
Information, identification of key aspects, engagement with stakeholders, content, preparation and presentation of the
Identified Sustainability Information in accordance with the Criteria. This responsibility includes design, implementation and
maintenance of internal controls relevant to the preparation of the Report and the measurement of Identified Sustainability
Information, which is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
5.
Inherent limitations

The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial information
allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability between companies.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
6.
Our Independence and Quality Control

We have maintained our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the Code of Ethics issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI ) and the SEBI Master Circular, and its clarifications
thereto and have the required competencies and experience to conduct this assurance engagement.

We apply Standard on Quality Control ( SQC ) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of
Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements , and accordingly maintain
a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance
with ethical requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
7.
Our Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance opinion on the Identified Sustainability Information listed in
Appendix I based on the procedures we have performed and evidence we have obtained.

We conducted our engagement in accordance with the Standard on Sustainability Assurance Engagements (SSAE)
3000, Assurance Engagements on Sustainability Information , and Standard on Assurance Engagements (SAE)
3410 Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements (together the Standards ), both issued by the
Sustainability Reporting Standards Board (the SRSB") of the ICAI.

These standards require that we plan and perform our engagement to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the Identified Sustainability Information listed in Appendix I and included in the Report are prepared, in all material
respects, in accordance with the Criteria.

As part of a reasonable assurance engagement in accordance with the Standards, we exercise professional judgment
and maintain professional skepticism throughout the engagement.

A reasonable assurance engagement involves identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement of the
Identified Sustainability Information whether due to fraud or error, responding to the assessed risks as necessary in
the circumstances.

The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment and included inquiries, observation of
processes performed, inspection of documents, evaluating the appropriateness of quantification methods and
reporting policies, analytical procedures and agreeing or reconciling with underlying records.

Given the circumstances of the engagement, in performing the procedures listed above, we:
Obtained an understanding of the Identified Sustainability Information and related disclosures;
Obtained an understanding of the assessment criteria and their suitability for the evaluation and/or measurements
of the Identified Sustainability Information;
Made inquiries of Company s management, including Sustainability team, Facilities Management Group, Human
resource team amongst others and those with the responsibility for preparation of the Report;
Obtained an understanding and performed an evaluation of the design of the key systems, processes and controls
for recording, processing and reporting on the Identified Sustainability Information at the corporate office and at
other locations/offices on a sample basis. This included evaluating the design of those controls relevant to the
engagement and determining whether they have been implemented by performing procedures in addition to
inquiry of the personnel responsible for the Identified Sustainability Information;

Based on the above understanding and the risks that the Identified Sustainability Information may be materially misstated,
determined the nature, timing and extent of further procedures;
Tested the key assumptions, emission factors and methodologies used for calculation of the Greenhouse Gas (the
GHG ) emissions;
Tested the Company s process for collating the sustainability information through agreeing or reconciling the Identified
Sustainability Information with the underlying records on a sample basis; and
Tested the consolidation for locations/offices on a sample basis and corporate office under the reporting boundary for
ensuring the completeness of data being reported.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our reasonable
assurance opinion.
8.
Exclusions

Our assurance scope excludes the following and therefore we do not express an opinion on:
Operations of the Company other than Reporting Boundary set out in Question 13 of Section A: General Disclosures of
the BRSR Report, for the Identified Sustainability Information listed in Appendix I;
Aspects of the Report and the data/information (qualitative or quantitative) other than the Identified Sustainability Information;
Data and information outside the defined reporting period i.e. the financial year ended March 31, 2026;
The statements that describe expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim, or future intentions provided by
9.
Other information

The Company s management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included within the BRSR other than Identified Sustainability Information and our independent assurance reports dated
June 12, 2026 thereon.

Our opinion on the Identified Sustainability Information does not cover the Other information and we do not express any
form of assurance thereon.

In connection with our assurance engagement of the Identified Sustainability Information, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the Identified
Sustainability Information or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
10. Reasonable Assurance Opinion

Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, the Identified Sustainability Information
for the year ended March 31, 2026 listed in Appendix I and presented in the Report are prepared in all material respects, in
accordance with the Criteria mentioned in paragraph 3 above.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
11. Restriction on use

Our Reasonable Assurance report has been prepared and addressed to the Board of Directors of the Company at
the request of the Company solely, to assist the Company in reporting on Company s sustainability performance and
activities. Accordingly, we accept no liability to anyone, other than the Company. Our Reasonable Assurance report
should not be used for any other purpose or by any person other than the addressees of our report. We neither accept
nor assume any duty of care or liability for any other purpose or to any other party to whom our report is shown or
into whose hands IT may come without our prior consent in writing.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No. 117366W / W-100018)
Pratiq Shah
Partner
Membership No. 111850
UDIN: 26111850KZLVIO2718
Place: Mumbai
Date: June 13, 2026

APPENDIX I
Identified Sustainability Information subject to Reasonable Assurance
Sr.
Reporting Standard Reference
Indicator number and description
BRSR Section C: Principle [P] Wise Performance Disclosures- Essential Indicators [E]
1.
P-1: Businesses should conduct and govern
themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is
Ethical, Transparent and Accountable.
E-8: Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of
goods/services procured).
E-9: Details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses,
dealers, and related parties along-with loans and advances and investments,
with related parties.
2.
P-3: Businesses should respect and promote the
well-being of all employees, including those in their
value chains.
E-1c: Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers
(including permanent and other than permanent.
E-11: Details of safety related incidents.
3.
P-5: Businesses should respect and promote human
rights.
E-3b: Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity.
E-7: Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.
4.
P-6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to
protect and restore the environment.
E-1: Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy
intensity.
E-3: Disclosures related to water withdrawal and consumption (in Kilo litres)
and its intensity.
E-4: Details related to water discharged (in Kilo litres).
E-7: Details of greenhouse gas emissions (in tCO2e) (Scope 1 and Scope 2
emissions) and its intensity.
E-9: Details of waste generated (in metric tonnes)
and its intensity, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other
recovery operations (in metric tonnes) and total waste disposed by nature of
disposal method (in metric tonnes).
5.
P-8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth
and equitable development.
E-4: Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced
from suppliers.
E-5: Job creation wages paid to persons employed (including employees or
workers employed on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis), as
% of total wage cost.
6.
P-9: Businesses should engage with and provide
value to their consumers in a responsible manner.
E-7: Information relating to data breaches.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
INDEPENDENT PRACTITIONER S LIMITED ASSURANCE REPORT ON IDENTIFIED
SUSTAINABILITY INFORMATION OF WIPRO LIMITED
To the Board of Directors of WIPRO LIMITED
1.
We have undertaken to perform limited assurance engagement, for WIPRO LIMITED (the Company ) vide our
engagement letter dated January 23, 2026 in respect of the agreed Sustainability Information listed below (the
Identified Sustainability Information ) in accordance with the Criteria stated in paragraph 3 below. This Sustainability
Information is included in the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (the BRSR or the Report ) within
the Integrated Annual Report (the IAR ) of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026. This engagement was
conducted by a multidisciplinary team including assurance practitioners, environmental engineers, and specialists.
2.
Identified Sustainability Information

Our scope of limited assurance consists of the Sustainability Information listed in Appendix I to our report. The
reporting boundary of the Report is as disclosed in Question 13 of Section A: General Disclosure of the BRSR Report
with exceptions disclosed by way of note under respective questions of the BRSR Report, where applicable.

Our limited assurance engagement was with respect to the year ended March 31, 2026 information and we have
not performed any procedures with respect to earlier periods or any other elements included in the Report and,
therefore, do not express any conclusion thereon.
3.
Criteria

The Criteria used by the Company to prepare the Identified Sustainability Information is listed below:
Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (the "SEBI") (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements), Regulations, 2015 as amended; and
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting Requirements for listed entities per Master Circular No.
HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026 (the SEBI Master Circular ).
4.
Management s Responsibility

The Company s management is responsible for selecting or establishing suitable criteria for preparing the
Sustainability Information including the reporting boundary of the Report, taking into account applicable laws and
regulations, if any, related to reporting on the Sustainability Information, identification of key aspects, engagement
with stakeholders, content, preparation and presentation of the Identified Sustainability Information in accordance
with the Criteria. This responsibility includes design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls relevant
to the preparation of the Report and the measurement of Identified Sustainability Information, which is free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
5.
Inherent limitations

The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial
information allows for different, but acceptable, measures and measurement techniques and can affect comparability
between companies.

6.
Our Independence and Quality Control

We have maintained our independence and confirm that we have met the requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the ICAI ) and the SEBI Master Circular, and its clarifications thereto and have
the required competencies and experience to conduct this assurance engagement.

We apply Standard on Quality Control ( SQC ) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical
Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements , and accordingly maintain a comprehensive
system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements,
professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
7.
Our Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express a limited assurance conclusion on the Identified Sustainability Information listed in Appendix
I based on the procedures we have performed and evidence we have obtained.

We conducted our engagement in accordance with the Standard on Sustainability Assurance Engagements (SSAE) 3000,
Assurance Engagements on Sustainability Information , and Standard on Assurance Engagements (SAE) 3410 Assurance
Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements (together the Standards ), both issued by the Sustainability Reporting
Standards Board (the SRSB") of the ICAI.

These Standards require that we plan and perform our engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether the Identified
Sustainability Information listed in Appendix I and included in the Report is free from material misstatement.

As part of limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the Standard, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the engagement.

A limited assurance engagement involves assessing the suitability in the circumstances of the Company s use of the Criteria
as the basis for the preparation of the Identified Sustainability Information as listed in Appendix I, assessing the risks of
material misstatement of the Identified Sustainability Information whether due to fraud or error, responding to the assessed
risks as necessary in the circumstances, and evaluating the overall presentation of the Identified Sustainability Information.

A limited assurance engagement is substantially less in scope than a reasonable assurance engagement in relation to both
the risk assessment procedures, including an understanding of internal controls, and the procedures performed in response
to the assessed risks.

The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment and included inquiries, observation of processes
performed, inspection of documents and evaluating the appropriateness of quantification methods and reporting policies
and agreeing with underlying records.

Given the circumstances of the engagement, in performing the procedures listed above, we:
Obtained an understanding of the Identified Sustainability Information and related disclosures;
Obtained an understanding of the assessment criteria and their suitability for the evaluation and/or measurements of the
Identified Sustainability Information;
Made inquiries of Company s management, including Sustainability team, Facilities Management Group, Human Resource
team amongst others and those with the responsibility for preparation of the Report;
Obtained an understanding of the key systems, processes and controls for recording, processing and reporting on
the Identified Sustainability Information at the corporate office and at other locations /offices on a sample basis. Our
procedures did not include evaluating the suitability of design, obtaining evidence about their implementation or testing
operating effectiveness of particular control activities;

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Based on the above understanding and the risks that the sustainability information may be materially misstated,
determined the nature, timing and extent of further procedures; Reviewed the key assumptions, emission factors
and methodologies used for calculation of the Greenhouse Gas (the GHG ) emissions;
Reviewed the Company s process for collating the sustainability information through agreeing or reconciling the
Identified Sustainability Information with the underlying records on a sample basis; and
Reviewed the consolidation for locations/offices on a sample basis and corporate office under the reporting
boundary for ensuring the completeness of data being reported.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our limited
assurance conclusion.
8.
Exclusions

Our assurance scope excludes the following and therefore we do not express a conclusion on:
Operations of the Company other than Reporting Boundary set out in Question 13 of Section A: General
Disclosures of the BRSR Report, for the Identified Sustainability Information listed in Appendix I;
Aspects of the Report and the data/information (qualitative or quantitative) other than the Identified
Sustainability Information;
Data and information outside the defined reporting period i.e. the financial year ended March 31, 2026; and
The statements that describe expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim, or future intentions
provided by the Company.
9.
Limited Assurance Conclusion

Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention
that causes us to believe that the Identified Sustainability Information listed in Appendix I and presented for the year
ended March 31, 2026 in the Report for the year ended March 31, 2026 are not prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with the Criteria as stated in paragraph 3 above.
10. Restriction on use

Our Limited Assurance report has been prepared and addressed to the Board of Directors of the Company at the
request of the Company solely, to assist the Company in reporting on Company s sustainability performance and
activities. Accordingly, we accept no liability to anyone, other than the Company. Our Limited Assurance report should
not be used for any other purpose or by any person other than the addressees of our report. We neither accept nor
assume any duty of care or liability for any other purpose or to any other party to whom our report is shown or into
whose hands IT may come without our prior consent in writing.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Chartered Accountants
(Firm s Registration No. 117366W / W-100018)
Pratiq Shah
Partner
Membership No. 111850
UDIN: 26111850QBREOM8193
Place: Mumbai
Date: June 13, 2026

APPENDIX I
Identified Sustainability Information subject to Limited Assurance
Sr.
Reporting Standard Reference
Indicator number
BRSR Section C: Principle [P] Wise Performance Disclosure Essential Indicators [E]
1.
P-3: Businesses should respect and promote
the well-being of all employees, including
those in their value chains.
E-2: Details of retirement benefits.
E-8: Details of training given to employees and workers on health and
safety measures and on skill upgradation.
E-9: Details of performance and career development reviews of employees
and workers, by gender.
2.
P-5: Businesses should respect and promote
human rights.
E-1: Employees and workers who have been provided training on human
rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity.
3.
P6: Businesses should respect and make
efforts to protect and restore the environment.
L-2: Details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity(Total Scope 3
emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3,
if available).
Category 1: Purchased goods and services
Category 2: Capital goods
Category 3: Fuel- and energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1
or Scope 2)
Category 5: Waste generated in operations
Category 6: Business travel
Category 7: Employee commuting
Category 8: Upstream leased assets
Category 13: Downstream leased assets
E-6 Air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity: NOx, SOx,
Particulate Matter (PM), Persistent organic pollutants (POP), Volatile
organic compounds (VOC), Hazardous air pollutants (HAP), Others.

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Glossary
Abbreviation
Expansion
ABAC
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
ACV
Annual contract value
ADR
American Depositary Receipt
ADS
American Depositary Share
AE
Automobile Engineering
AGM
Annual General Meeting
AHU
Air Handling Units
AI
Artificial Intelligence
AI/ML
Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning
AMC
Annual Maintenance Contracts
AML
Anti- Money Laundering
ANZ
Australia and New Zealand
APAC
Asia Pacific
APMEA
Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa
AR
Augmented Reality
AWS
Amazon Web Services
BCMS
Business Continuity Management System
BCWI
Best Companies for Women in India
BFSI
Banking, Financial Services & Insurance
BI
Business Intelligence
BIC
Bangalore International Center
BMS
Building Management System
BPS
Basis points
BRSR
Business Responsibility and
Sustainability Report
BSE
Bombay Stock Exchange
BSF
Bengaluru Sustainability Forum
C&D
Construction and Demolition
CAGR
Compounded Annual Growth Rate
CBU
Consumer Business Unit
Constant Currency
CDP
Carbon disclosure Project
CEO
Chief Executive Officer
CFO
Chief Financial Officer
CHRO
Chief Human Resource Officer
Confederation of Indian Industry
CII - GBC
Green Business Centre of the Confederate
of Indian Industries
CIN
Corporate Identity Number
CIO
Chief Information Officer
CIS
Cloud and Infrastructure Services
GLOSSARY

Abbreviation
Expansion
COBC
Code of Business Conduct
CoE
Center of Excellence
COO
Chief Operation Officer
COSO
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
CRS
Cybersecurity and Risk Services
CSAT
Customer Satisfaction
CSO
Chief Sustainability officer
CSR
Corporate Social Responsibility
CSRD
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive
CTO
Chief Technology Officer
CwD
Children with Disabilities
Customer Experience
CXO
Chief Experience Officer
DAAI
Data, Analytics, and Artificial Intelligence
DASRA
Developmental Action, Research, and
Social Advancement
DE
Digital Engineering
DEI
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
DJSI
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices
DOP
Digital Operations and Platforms
DP
Data Privacy
Digital Experience
E- IQ
Enterprise Intelligence Quotient
E2E
end-to-end
EA
Enterprise Applications
EBITDA
Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation
and Amortization
EES
Employee Experience Survey
EMR
Energy, Manufacturing & Resources
EMS
Environmental Management System
ENU
Energy, Natural Resources and Utilities
EPEAT
Electronic Product Environmental
Assessment Tool
EPI
Energy Performance Index
EPS
Earnings Per Share
ER&D
Engineering, Research and Development
ERG
Employee resource group
ERM
Enterprise Risk Management
ESG
Environmental, Social and Governance
ESOP
Employee Stock Option
ESS
Employee Satisfaction Survey
EV
Electric vehicle
Abbreviation
Expansion
EVP
Employer Value Proposition
FA
Financial Advisors
FCA
Financial Conduct Authority
FCPA
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
FGD
Focus group discussion
FPGA
Field-Programmable Gate Arrays
FY
Financial Year
GAAP
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
GAE
Global Account Executive
GBL
Global Business Lines
GDP
Gross Domestic Product
GDPR
General Data Protection Regulation
GDR
Global Depository Receipt
GEC
Global Electronics Council
GECC
Global Energy Command Centre
GEI
Gender-Equality Index
Gen AI
Generative Artificial intelligence
GHG
GreenHouse Gas
GoI
Government of India
GRI
Global Reporting Initiative
GSSB
Global Sustainability Standard Board
HNI
High Networth Individual
HRO
Human Resource Office
HRSS
HR Shared Services
HUB
Historically Underutilized Businesses
HUF
Hindu Undivided Family
HVAC
Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning
I&B
Inclusion and Belonging
I&D
Inclusion and Diversity
IAAS
Infrastructure as a Service
IAS
International Accounting Standards
IASB
International Accounting Standards Board
Integrated Circuit
IC&D
Industry Cloud and Digital
ICRA
Investment Information and Credit
Rating Agency
IEPF
Investor Education and Protection Fund
IFRS
International Financial Reporting Standards
IIA
Institute of Internal Auditors
IIRC
International Integrated Reporting Council
IIT
Indian Institute of Technology

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Abbreviation
Expansion
ILO
International Labour Organization
Ind AS
Indian Accounting Standards
IoT
Internet of Things
IP
Intellectual Property
ISG
Information Services Group
ISIN
International Securities
Identification Number
ISO
International Standards Organization
ISSB
International Sustainability Standards
Board
IT
Information technology
KMP
Key Managerial Personnel
KPI
Key Performance Indicator
KRA
Key Responsibility Area
LEED
Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Designs
LOC
Letter of Confirmation
LOS
Loan Origination Systems
Lpcd
Liters per capita per day
M&A
Mergers and Acquisitions
MAP
Museum of Art and Photography
Managing Director
Machine learning
MOU
Memorandum of Understanding
MRE
Median Remuneration of employees
MSA
Master Service Agreement
MSCI
Morgan Stanley Capital International
MSCI ESG
Morgan Stanley Capital International
Environmental Social and Governance
MSME
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
NASSCOM
National Association of Software and
Services Companies
NCV
Natural Capital Valuation
NGO
Non-Government Organization
NSE
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
NYSE
New York Stock Exchange
OEM
Original Equipment Manufacturer
OFAC
Office of Foreign Assets Control
OM
Operating Margin
OT
Operational Technology
PE
Price Earnings
PIA
Privacy Impact Assessments
GLOSSARY

Abbreviation
Expansion
PII
Personally Identifiable Information
PLM
Product Lifecycle Management
PPA
Private Purchase Agreements
PPE
Personal Protection Equipment
PSH/POSH
Prevention of Sexual Harassment
PSU
Performance based Stock Units
PWD
People with Disabilities
R&D
Research and Development
RCP
Representative Concentration Pathways
REC
Renewable Energy Certificate
REI
Renewable Energy Initiative
ROI
Return on Investment
RPT
Related Party Transactions
RSA
Republic of South Africa
RSU
Restricted Stock Units
RTA
Registrar and Transfer Agent
RWH
Rain water harvesting
SAAB
Sustainability Accounting Standard Board
SaaS
Software as a Service
SAP
Systems, Applications & Products in
Data Processing
SASB
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
SBTi
Science-Based Targets initiative
SCOC
Supplier Code of Conduct
SCRA
Securities Contracts Regulation Act
SDG
Sustainable Development Goals
SDI
Smart, Digital, and Intelligent
SDLC
Software Development Lifecycle
SDV
Software defined vehicle
SEBI
Securities and Exchange Board of India
SEC
Securities Exchange Commission
SEZ
Special Economic Zones
SMU
Strategic Marketing Units
SoW
Spirit of Wipro
Abbreviation
Expansion
SOW
Statement of Work
SOX
Sarbanes Oxley
STEM
Science, Technology, Engineering
and Mathematics
STP
Sewage Treatment Plants
SWM
Solid Waste Management
SWOT
Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities,
and Threats
T&M
Time and Material
TCFD
Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures
TCV
Total Contract Value
TECH
Technology
UK
United Kingdom
UPSI
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information
Video Conferencing
VILT
Virtual Instructor-led Trainings
VIU
Value-in-Use
VLSI
Very-Large-Scale-Integration
VR
Virtual Reality
VRA
Vendor Risk Assessment
WEF
World Economic Forum
WeGA
Wipro Enterprise Generative AI
WERT
Wipro Equity Reward Trust
WFH
Work from Home
WGS
Wipro Gallagher Solutions
WHO
World Health Organization
WISDOM
Wipro Inclusive Supplier Development
and Mentorship
WISE
Wipro Initiative for Supplier Engagement
WLI
Wipro Leadership Institute
WoW
Women of Wipro
WTD
Whole-time Directors
YoY
Year-on-Year

WIPRO INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
Notes

STATUTORY REPORTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Concept, content and design at | whatsup@stirrup.works
Bengaluru - 560035, India
CIN: L32102KA1945PLC020800
Email: info@wipro.com
wipro.com